<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>N-30D
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>qtrly0331.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SEMI ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE BARON FUNDS
<TEXT>
[REGISTERED LOGO]
 B  A  R  O  N
 F  U  N  D  S

BARON FUNDS



1 BARON ASSET FUND

PERFORMANCE.......................  5
PORTFOLIO STRUCTURE...............  6
RECENT PORTFOLIO
ADDITIONS.........................  6
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS...............  7

2 BARON GROWTH FUND

PERFORMANCE....................... 10
PORTFOLIO STRUCTURE............... 10
PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS................ 11

3 BARON SMALL
  CAP FUND

PERFORMANCE....................... 15
PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION............. 15
NEW IDEA.......................... 16
CONCLUSION........................ 17

4 BARON iOPPORTUNITY
  FUND

PERFORMANCE....................... 19
HOLDINGS UPDATE................... 19
CONCLUSION........................ 24



767 Fifth Avenue
NY, NY 10153
212.583.2100
1.800.99.BARON
BaronFunds.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                This Quarterly Report contains
                                                    information for four funds


SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT                                              MARCH 31, 2002

DEAR BARON FUNDS
SHAREHOLDER:

WALL STREET  RESEARCH LOSES  CREDIBILITY...CURRENT  "CONFIDENCE  CRISIS" CREATES
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY...

You've  got to have a  different  point  of view  than  most to be a  successful
investor.  You've got to want to buy when most others want to sell and sell when
most  others  want to buy.  That's  how you  really  make a lot of money.  Being
opportunistic.  Not, by "following the herd."  Otherwise,  you'll rarely have an
opportunity to buy or sell at attractive  prices...and  earn excess returns.  By
definition,  if you followed  Wall Street  analysts'  recommendations,  which we
think are often  based on short term  company  earnings  results or  "follow-on"
investment banking coverage, you'd be doing exactly the opposite,  buying at the
same time most others want to buy and selling when most others want to sell.

The criticisms by regulators that you read about daily targeting the credibility
of Wall Street  research  recommendations,  coupled  with  recent  high  profile
bankruptcies  and  accounting  scandals,  and,  terrorism,  too,  has created an
investor "confidence crisis." And, we  think...investment  opportunity.  We have
often written critically about brokerage research over the years as "arriving at
the same conclusions at the same time based on the same information" and as "too
conflicted  to be  helpful."  Institutional  investors,  if not  all  individual
investors,  have long  recognized  Wall Street's  shortcomings  regarding  stock
recommendations.  This,  although  brokerage  analysts  can  and do  play a very
important  role  gathering  industry data and outlining  business plans that can
help you begin to understand and value a business and its  prospects.  And, Wall
Street's  industry contacts and introductions to executives are most helpful and
allow investors to shortcut hours and hours of due diligence.

The widespread media coverage, even the popular press now writes and talks about
Arthur Andersen, Enron, Worldcom, tech, telecom, brokerage research,  accounting
issues at large firms, etc., and the war on terror,  have created an environment
when

[PHOTO]
Ron Baron, Chairman

stock  prices are not likely to be  expensive.  And,  that,  we believe,  is the
opportunity.  Although many publicly held businesses' revenues are beginning to
grow again,  we think their  profits  increases  will likely be larger than most
analysts and investors anticipate since businesses' operating costs have been so
greatly  pared.  This at a time their share prices have changed little for three
years and, in many instances,  do not reflect their near term favorable business
prospects. In other words, this should be a great environment for stock pickers,
which should be great for us.

ENTREPRENEURS. WE JUST LOVE 'EM TO DEATH.

"THE Bronx," David Pottruck,  Charles Schwab's  President and co-CEO,  told me a
few  months  ago,  "is a very  special

<PAGE>

BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

place.  They don't call  Manhattan  THE Manhattan or Paris THE Paris or Brooklyn
THE  Brooklyn.  Only a very few places  deserve  the prefix THE.  THE Alps.  THE
Riviera.  THE  Rockies.  THE Bronx,"  said the Bronx  native  proudly  trying to
convince me of what I missed not growing up in his  neighborhood.  Although  THE
Bronx was also the home of the young  Ralph  Lauren,  many of my friends  and my
wife,  he  couldn't  persuade  me that  stickball  in THE Bronx was better  than
listening  to Bruce at THE Stone Pony in Asbury Park at THE Jersey Shore where I
grew up. But, I do think  David's  growing up in the crucible of THE Bronx as an
individual  who was not exactly  affluent  may be one of the reasons  this tough
executive is so driven and relentless ...and  empathetic.  And spends so much of
his time  traveling,  which to those of you who also do it,  realize how hard it
is.

Sol Kerzner,  Sun International's  chairman,  built a huge resort business,  Sun
City, in South Africa before selling it for hundreds of  millions of dollars and
emigrating. At age 66, already one of the world's wealthiest and most successful
businessmen,  he's trying to do it again.  For  extended  periods,  he virtually
lives on his plane  traveling  from  London to Dubai to  Paradise  Island in THE
Bahamas to Connecticut to China to the Indian Ocean and back to London. Whew! It
wears me out just hearing  about these trips.  And, his  attention to detail and
creativity,  just like Steve  Wynn's,  is  legendary.  This  spring,  before the
Mohegan Sun in Connecticut opened its expansion,  Sol took me with him for a day
trip to walk the floor of the  under-construction  property.  Sol  thought,  and
didn't exactly keep his opinions to himself,  that the casino's  lighting wasn't
exactly right;  the waterfall was too loud; the finial on ceiling light fixtures
wasn't the right shape; a stone wall wasn't  interesting  and had to be changed;
and... well, you get the idea.

"No wonder you're ahead of me," I told Steve Wynn on his 60th  birthday  earlier
this spring. "You had an 18 month head start," I noted since I was still several
months shy of my 59th  birthday.  Steve had just  competed  against more than 15
casino  developers  including all the largest,  publicly owned gaming companies.
And, had just won the competition for one of three new licenses to be granted to
operate casinos in Macau, China. This should prove to be very profitable for his
privately  held  casino  company.  We expect an IPO of this  company  later this
summer or early in the fall.  Baron  Funds is  currently  one of the three  book
value  owners of Steve's  company,  Valvino  Lamore,  about to be  renamed  Wynn
Resorts, that includes Steve, a very successful Asian entrepreneur and us. We're
the  smallest  shareholder  withless  than 1% of our assets and about 5% of that
company.  We were  asked to invest by Steve to bring  him luck.  To obtain  this
deal, Steve had to fly regularly to China. Spending the time to do so was not an
easy task for the highly motivated,  talented,  workaholic executive. Steve was,
at the same time,  designing and arranging  financing for his company's new $2.2
billion Las Vegas  casino,  La Rev.  "Those guys may own the best casinos in Las
Vegas...but,  I built  them," must have been a very  persuasive  argument to the
Chinese authorities.

Polo's Ralph Lauren.  Schwab's Chuck Schwab.  DeVry's Ron Taylor.  ChoicePoint's
Derek  Smith.  OM  Group's  Jim  Mooney.  Saga's Ed  Christian.  Seacor's  Chuck
Fabricant.  XTO Energy's Bob Simpson.  Robert Half's Max Messmer. They are justa
few of the  entrepreneurs  who operate  businesses  we own. What do they have in
common?  Empathy.  Vision.  Hard work. Ethical conduct.  They're smart.  They're
individuals who engender loyalty from their fellow  employees.  They're teachers
and  communicators.  And,  they're  concerned  equally  about  their  employees,
customers, communities and shareholders...all important constituencies to growth
companies.

Not only is it more interesting to bet on people, not just buildings...we  think
it is more profitable to invest in people, not just buildings. Which we do.

"...PEACE IN OUR TIME..."

That was the hope British Prime Minister Neville  Chamberlain offered his nation
in 1938 when he  returned  from  meeting  Adolph  Hitler in  Munich.  Hitler had
demanded Czechoslovakia be partitioned and a large portion of that country ceded
to Germany.  Hitler promised Germany would annex no further territory.  Hitler's
demands in 1938 of "land for peace" were  accepted by world  leaders  anxious to
avoid World War II. Prime Minister Chamberlain resigned in disgrace in 1940. His
failure to appease Hitler two years earlier was the proximate cause.

The war today between Israel and the  Palestinians  demonstrates  that "land for
peace," appeasement, absent other undertakings,  still does not work. Israel two
years ago offered Palestinians a state comprising the West Bank and Gaza as well
as sovereignty  over a large part of East  Jerusalem.  Chairman  Arafat rejected
that  offer and made no  counterproposal.  In 1948,  shortly  after  Israel was
granted independence,  the

                                       2
<PAGE>

BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

head of the Arab League called for the  "extermination  of Israel."  Armies from
five  neighboring  Arab  states  then  invaded  Israel;  the United  Nations did
nothing; but, despite overwhelming Arab numerical  superiority,  somehow Israeli
forces defeated the invading armies.

Arafat,  like  the  head of the Arab  League  in 1948,  seems to want not just a
Palestinian  state,  but also  the  elimination  of  Israel.  Impoverished  Arab
families  living in the West Bank and Gaza often have nine to ten  children  per
family, Jews living in Israel two or three. There are now just 5 million Jews in
Israel  while  nearly 4 million  Palestinians  reside in the West Bank and Gaza.
Arafat's demand for the "right to return" to Israel for Palestinians,  and their
offspring, who left Israel in 1948 expecting that country to be destroyed, would
quickly make Jews in Israel a small  minority...and,  doom that secular  state's
existence.   Palestinian   suicide   bombers   use   sophisticated   and  costly
weapons...bombs  that explode with deadly nails treated with chemicals that make
treatment of their civilian victims with antibiotics  problematic.  Palestinians
justify  this terror as  "resistance,"  and there seems to be little  doubt that
without Arafat's support it would not continue.

The  United  Nations  did not try to stop  the  homicide  bombers  who  targeted
primarily  non-combatant Israeli women, teenagers and children. But, the world's
reaction to Israel's efforts to destroy Palestinian terrorist infrastructure is,
to me, even more surprising than the U.N.'s silence. In France,  synagogues were
burned and desecrated and Jews beaten. In Germany,  the government two weeks ago
warned Jews not to wear their religious hats in public places to help avoid acts
of anti-Semitism. In Sweden, officials sought to strip Shimon Peres of his Nobel
Peace Prize,  while making no mention of Yassir  Arafat's.  The United  Nations'
Kofi Annan condemned Israel's efforts to destroy terrorist infrastructure.  With
just 14 million Jews in the entire world,  there are 1.2 billion Moslems,  it is
sometimes hard not to think of another Holocaust.

INVESTMENT  IMPLICATIONS ... INVESTOR  SENTIMENT  SUBDUED...GOOD  OPPORTUNITY TO
"BUY ON DIPS;"  SMALLER AND MID-SIZED  GROWTH  BUSINESSES'  REVENUES AND PROFITS
GROWING AND CONTINUE TO OFFER BEST VALUES...

Although I believe in Batman's dictum that "...good, even though it's some-times
sidetracked,  always,  repeat:  ALWAYS,  triumphs  over  evil,"  it's now  often
difficult  for me to just read the daily  newspapers  or watch the evening news.
Although I have always thought, as did John Lennon, that we should "give peace a
chance," the  Israeli-Palestinian  conflict seems insoluble.  The United States'
war  against  terror is not going to end soon.  Another  terror  incident in the
United  States  remains a high risk.  An attack on Iraq by United  States forces
seems to beonly a matter of time.  Further,  by one count, there are now 65 wars
being waged, 60 of them due to religious fundamentalism.

It is hard to think that investors will be "irrationally exuberant" and any time
soon again accord extraordinary valuations to businesses. Especially since world
economies are being forced to fund munitions,  weapons  development and homeland
security and use our most valuable  asset,  our  children,  to fight wars rather
than grow our economies.

I  founded  Baron  Capital  in May 1982 to  invest  for our  clients  in what we
believed were undervalued,  fast growing,  smaller and mid-sized businesses.  We
have performed well during the past twenty years since many of the businesses in
which we have  invested  have grown  dramatically  and,  their share prices have
multiplied many times. This despite the fact that smaller growth  companies,  in
general, had under performed larger companies from 1983 through 2000.

With more moderate investor  expectations,  we think well managed,  unique, fast
growing,  profitable,  smaller and mid-sized  businesses will stand out. And, be
accorded above normal valuations.  Since smaller and mid-sized growth businesses
appear to us most undervalued, we expect their shares to continue to out-perform
shares of larger  companies for quite a while...as they have during the past two
years.  Smaller growth  businesses also have an advantage  during these times of
greater investor and regulator  scrutiny.  Their less complex balance sheets and
income  statements  make them easier for investors  and analysts to  understand.
These businesses remain our focus.

"ALTHOUGH  I  AM A  REGISTERED  DEMOCRAT,  I  HAVE  VOTED  FOR  MANY  REPUBLICAN
CANDIDATES...(BUT) SINCE I VOTED FOR HUBERT HUMPHREY IN 1968, I HAVE NEVER VOTED
FOR A REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE...I SUPPORT PRESIDENT BUSH...AND,  CAN'T
IMAGINE WHAT IT WOULD TAKE TO GET ME TO VOTE FOR ANYONE ELSE..."

That  remark in our last  shareholder  letter  seems to have struck a chord with
many of our shareholders and has engendered a pretty strong response. Typical is
this e-mail from a long time and loyal  shareholder.  "I am a long time investor

                                       3
<PAGE>

BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

in Baron Funds through  Fidelity having been introduced to Ron through  Barron's
Roundtable.  I have always felt good about this investment and enjoy reading the
'folksy' quarterly reports.  However, I was stunned by the recent document which
contains Ron's admission that he supported Humphrey,  McGovern,  Carter (twice),
Mondale,  Dukakis,  Clinton  (twice!) and Gore. What a string of losers!  Better
stick  to  investments  Ron,  and  please  don't  reveal  your  politics  to  us
shareholders. It makes us real nervous!"

MORE NEWS ABOUT OUR EFFORTS TO SERVE OUR SHAREHOLDERS THROUGH TECHNOLOGY.

....YOU CAN NOW INVEST THROUGH OUR WEB SITE, BARONFUNDS.COM

You can now invest directly in Baron Funds through our website,  BaronFunds.com.
We began this  service in March  2002.  You may now open a non-IRA,  individual,
joint, or custodial  account online in any of our Funds with an initial purchase
of up to $10,000. Subsequent purchase transactions may be for up to $250,000 for
Baron Asset,  Baron Growth and Baron Small Cap Funds  online.  The purchases for
Baron iOpportunity Fund may be for up to $150,000 online.  Although for security
purposes redemptions cannot be processed via our website,  shareholders have the
option to redeem by telephone (maximums apply) or via mail.

During March,  somehow 37 individuals found out about this. I didn't learn about
it until May, and invested  $118,000 with us during April. This does not include
an effort by one  individual  who  attempted to invest $395 billion with us....a
purchase  request we referred to the appropriate  authorities.  While at first I
was flattered that someone thought we wouldn't notice a $395 billion purchase, I
reluctantly  concluded  that we must have been included in this group because of
some alphabet algorithm. Oh, well....

....YOU CAN NOW RECEIVE OUR SHAREHOLDER LETTERS BY E-MAIL

Shareholders can now receive our shareholder  quarterly letters  electronically.
To do so, please visit us at BaronFunds.com  and register for e-mail delivery of
our quarterly reports, annual prospectus and special announcements.

....YOU  CAN  NOW  REGISTER  ELECTRONICALLY  TO  ATTEND  THE  BARON  FUNDS  2002
INVESTMENT CONFERENCE ON OCTOBER 18TH IN NEW YORK CITY

The eleventh annual Baron Funds  Investment  Conference will be held in New York
City on October 18, 2002. This year our firm celebrates its 20th anniversary and
our oldest mutual fund, Baron Asset Fund, its 15th. For more  information  about
this  year's  conference,   or  to  register  to  attend,  please  visit  us  at
BaronFunds.com.  For those of you who may be computer  challenged,  you may also
call us at 1-800-99-BARON. We're looking forward to seeing you this fall.

THANK YOU FOR INVESTING IN BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------

We recognize that for most individuals,  determining how to invest, even whether
to invest, to pay for your children's education,  to care for your parents or to
save for your retirement is a very difficult  decision.  We're certain that, due
to the extended  2000-2001  "bear market" in stocks,  the United States' current
capital  goods-led  recession  and modest  recovery to date,  and very  negative
investment opinions of many highly respected  financial analysts,  this decision
cannot be any easier.

We hope our quarterly shareholder letters, magazine and newspaper interviews and
annual investment  conferences have helped you think about issues that have made
it  easier  to  decide  whether  stocks,  in  general,  are  an  attractive  and
appropriate investment for you. And, whether Baron Funds, in particular, remains
an attractive investment for you and your family.

We want to thank you for  choosing  to join us as fellow  shareholders  in Baron
Funds. We will continue to work hard to justify your confidence.

Sincerely,

Ronald Baron
Chairman and CEO
May 20, 2002





                                       4
<PAGE>
[REGISTERED LOGO]

1 BARON ASSET FUND

PERFORMANCE....................... 5
PORTFOLIO STRUCTURE............... 6
RECENT PORTFOLIO
ADDITIONS......................... 6
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS............... 7





767 Fifth Avenue
NY, NY 10153
212.583.2100
1.800.99.BARON
BaronFunds.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BARON ASSET FUND

SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT                                               MARCH 31, 2002


[PHOTO]
Ron Baron, Portfolio Manager

DEAR BARON ASSET FUND
SHAREHOLDER:

PERFORMANCE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Baron Asset Fund  performed  well in the quarter ending March 31, 2002. The Fund
gained 6.0% per share, versus 3.7%and 0.3% for the small-to-mid cap Russell 2500
index and the large cap S&P 500 index respectively.  Smaller companies continued
to outperform larger companies as they have for the last two years.

Baron Asset Fund significantly  outperformed its small and mid cap growth peers.
According to Morningstar  the average small cap growth mutual fund lost 1.4% and
the average mid cap growth mutual fund lost 2.4% in the March  quarter.  So far,
in 2002,  growth  stocks in the  aggregate  continue  to suffer  from the severe
technology  recession  of recent  years  while  value  stocks  are doing  better
seemingly  anticipating  a recovery  in the  economy.  Baron  Asset  Fund,  will
continue  to try and  combine  the  best of both  worlds;  investing  in  growth
companies,  companies  which we believe  can  experience  significant  growth in
revenues and profits in the years ahead,  while  purchasing  these  companies at
what we believe are reasonable  prices. Our process is best described as a value
orientation  towards growth.  We seek to buy growth  businesses  while executing
value oriented purchase and sell disciplines.

This  investment  approach  has yielded  satisfactory  results  since the Fund's
inception in June 1987. In the  fifteen-year  period since the Fund's  inception
through March 31, 2002, Baron Asset Fund has outperformed the Russell 2500 index
by 275 basis  points  per year and  beaten  the  larger cap S&P 500 index by 216
basis  points  per year.  After  underperforming  the  market  during  the go-go
Internet and technology  years of 1999 and 2000,  Baron Asset Fund is once again
outperforming.  In the year ending March 31,  2002,  the Fund gained 14.2% while
the S&P 500 was  unchanged  and  according  to  Morningstar  the average mid cap
growth fund lost 1.8%. The current environment,  like the environment of the mid
1990s, we believe is best  characterized as a stock picker's market.  We believe
that  as the  economy  recovers,  many  businesses  will do well  and  have  the
potential  to at least  double in size over the next four  years.  It's our goal
through  intensive  independent  research  to  identify  these  companies,   and
patiently  wait for  opportunities  to purchase  them at attractive  prices.  We
believe this is an attractive environment for stock pickers, our kind of market.

In the quarter  ended March 31,  Baron Asset  Fund's  performance  was driven by
strong performance of its investments in Business Services and Education,  which
continue to  experience  rapid  growth in their core  businesses  as well as our
investments in Recreation and Resorts,  which as we anticipated and discussed in
our last quarterly  report,  have experienced  strong recoveries from their Post
September 11th, temporary business slowdowns. In Business Services,  ChoicePoint
has been the  largest  contributor,  while in  Education,  Apollo and  Education
Management significantly  contributed to the Fund's performance.  In Recreation,
the Fund's  performance  was led by Vail  Resorts and Sun  International.  Other
companies

<PAGE>

BARON ASSET FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

that favorably  contributed to the Fund's strong first quarter  performance were
Polo Ralph Lauren,  Saga  Communications,  Libbey and OM Group.  On the negative
side,  Charles  Schwab and  Sotheby's  continued to adversely  impact the Fund's
performance. We think these two investments will soon again contribute favorably
to the Fund's results.

Portfolio Structure
-------------------

Table I
Portfolio Metrics
----------------------------------------
Est. P/E Ratio Forward             25.5X
Est. 5 Year EPS Growth               26%
Median Market Cap           $2.1 billion
Equity Securities                     41
----------------------------------------




Table II
Industry Breakdown
-------------------------------------------
Business Services                     16.0%
Education                             13.4%
Retail Stores and Restaurants         12.9%
Consumer Services                     10.4%
Recreation and Resorts                 9.1%
Financial                              7.9%
Media and Entertainment                5.8%
Chemical                               5.4%
Hotels and Lodging                     5.0%
Other                                 13.5%
-------------------------------------------


RECENT PORTFOLIO ADDITIONS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ENERGY.  I have always found energy  businesses  to be among the most complex to
understand  and  analyze.  So  difficult,  in  fact,  that  I have  often  given
individuals  interviewing  with us for an analyst position the task of trying to
decipher the financial  statements of one of these businesses.  The domestic gas
investment  idea,  on the other hand,  is  relatively  easy to grasp.  U.S.  gas
reserves are becoming more difficult to find; demand is increasing; and reserves
are becoming more valuable.  Ten years ago, if the U.S. stopped drilling for new
production,  our country's  gas reserves  would have fallen 10% in a year. If we
stopped drilling for new production today, U.S. gas reserves would fall 20% in a
year. XTO Energy's business strategy is well defined.  It attempts to acquire at
attractive prices long lived gas reserves that have been underexploited...and to
then increase the reserves on those properties  through  aggressive and low risk
workovers,  development  drilling  and  improved  operations.  XTO  acquired its
principal  properties  from  major oil  companies.  It  purchased  most of these
properties  for 7-10 times  existing  cash flows and in a short  period has been
able to  increase  the yield on its  investment  to 25-30%  per  year.  XTO,  on
average,  has increased the reserves on acquired properties 83%! This means that
$1 capital  investment has yielded a present  discounted value of $2.90! "Why do
large oil companies  keep selling you their  properties?"  I recently  asked Bob
Simpson, the company's Chairman and CEO. "It's becausethe projects are too small
for them to care  about  and the big oil  overhead  burden  attributed  to these
projects  is  too  large  for  them  to  be  profitable.  They  need  "elephant"
properties,  not the smaller ones that are interesting to us," he explained. XTO
has a further  advantage when it purchases these  properties.  It often owns and
has  drilled  on  nearby  properties  and so often is more  knowledgeable  about
property  fundamentals  than the owners,  even though the owners are often huge,
well-run, very profitable oil and gas businesses. XTO's most recent acquisition,
in fact,  looks  "pound for pound" to be its best ever.  Anyway,  XTO's debt per
mcfe, the reserve unit,

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[GRAPHS]
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                            <C>                             <C>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PERFORMANCE FOR THE QUARTER    PERFORMANCE FOR THE ONE YEAR    CULMULATIVE PERFORMANCE
ENDED MARCH 31, 2002           ENDED MARCH 31, 2002            SINCE INCEPTION
                                                               JUNE 12, 1987 THROUGH
                                                               MARCH 31, 2002

BARON ASSET FUND       6.0%    BARON ASSET FUND       14.2%    BARON ASSET FUND    631.2%
S&P 500*               0.3%    S&P 500*                0.2%    S&P 500*            451.4%
RUSSELL 2000*          4.0%    RUSSELL 2000*          14.0%    RUSSELL 2000*       294.6%
RUSSELL 2500*          3.7%    RUSSELL 2500*          15.0%    RUSSELL 2500*       409.8%
</TABLE>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
*S&P and Russell are with dividends.  The S&P 500,  Russell 200 and Russell 2500
are unmanaged  indexes.  The S&P measures the performance of the stock market in
general; the Russell 2000 and Russell 2500 of small and mid-sized companies.

<PAGE>

BARON ASSET FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

has fallen  about 15% in the last nine years to $.32.  At the same time mcfe per
share has increased more than sixfold to 25, at about the same rate as its share
price  appreciation over the same time period.  The company's overall production
per day has increased more than 9 times during the period.  XTO now accounts for
about 1% of annual U.S. gas production,  a dramatic  increase over the past nine
years.  XTO Energy's  current nearly 3 tcfe reserves could increase at least 50%
with more aggressive  exploitation  and no further  acquisitions.  By the end of
2002, with no further deals, we think XTO's business value could be at least 50%
above its current share price,  with no end to appreciation in sight.  Which, if
you knew Bob  Simpson  and his team,  I don't  think you would  find too hard to
believe.

TRIGON HEALTHCARE.  Healthcare is one of the most highly regulated industries in
the  United  States.  To  be  in  full  compliance...always...with  complex  and
constantly  changing  regulations,  healthcare  providers must bear  significant
expense. Accordingly, healthcare insurance has become a business requiring great
scale to allow necessary capital  investment in operations.  As a result,  there
has been and continues to be consolidation  among healthcare  insurers.  Sixteen
years ago there were 100 Blue Cross Blue Shield  regional  insurance  providers.
There are now perhaps  45-46.  Sixteen  years ago there were 13 national  health
insurance carriers. There are now three, Cigna, Aetna and United.

Trigon Healthcare is the Blue Cross Blue Shield insurance  provider covering all
of Virginia  except the small  region north of Route 123 near  Washington,  D.C.
Trigon is the number one healthcare provider in that state with about 35% market
share that is increasing about 2% per year.  Trigon offers its insureds the best
network of  doctors  and  facilities  in the  state.  Its costs to provide  that
service are  significantly  lower, at least 5-10% less, than any other provider,
giving it an important  competitive  advantage in obtaining  new  business.  Its
objective with its doctor network is to be the easiest  insurer with which to do
business. It pays its claims to docs promptly, generally in 4-6 days. It is able
to do so since more than 63% of those claims are now  submitted  electronically,
more than 3 times as many as just five years ago.  Trigon has been fanatic about
providing  its  docs  with  information  to  let  them  practice  better,  e.g.,
information about practice patterns and presciption meds. Of course,  having the
largest patient  population and an increasing  share of its states'  citizens as
subscribers,  Trigon often represents 30-40% of individual doc's revenues.  As a
result, Trigon's share of a doc's practice has been increasing. So, good prices,
low  costs  and the best  access to  providers.  Clearly a winning  combination.
Which,  of  course,  is  probably  the  reason  Trigon has been able to retain a
remarkable  95-96% of its group  business each year when compared to an industry
average retention rate in the low 80's.

In late April,  Anthem announced it would acquire Trigon for consideration  more
than 53% above the average  price we paid for our Trigon  shares during the past
year.  At the end of our first  several hour visit with  Trigon's  management in
Richmond during July last year, I was persuaded that "Blues" healthcare insurers
were attractive businesses.  During that meeting I had asked Trigon's executives
if they could  suggest any other Blue Cross Blue Shield  insurers  they  thought
were well run. One of the companies they mentioned as "an  exceptionally  strong
company" was Indianapolis  based Anthem, a company that was not yet public,  but
which had recently filed a registration statement with the intent to soon become
so. We called  Anthem's  executives  the next day and,  when that company  "went
public"  several  months  later,  we invested  both in Anthem's  initial  public
offering and afterwards. To date we've earned about 35% on that investment.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

APOLLO. Despite predictions by some analysts that the recession would negatively
impact  Apollo's  adult  student  enrollments,  Apollo's  University of Phoenix'
enrollments  continue to grow strongly.  Last quarter existing bricks and mortar
campuses achieved double digit student growth.  Apollo's oldest and still one of
its largest campuses in Southern  California achieved a remarkable more than 13%
student  increase.  University  of  Phoenix  Online,  its 88% owned  subsidiary,
reported  more than 80%  student  enrollment  growth.  Leads for  University  of
Phoenix Online,the leading on-line,  degree-granting  university, are increasing
strongly.  Indicating the strong value proposition of the University of Phoenix'
Online degree program,  the percentage of those leads converting to students has
continued  to increase as well.  And,  this is while the on-line  program is too
young to produce many  referrals  from  graduates,  the major and best and least
expensive lead source for its physical campuses.

HOTELS AND RESORTS.  Shortly after the September 11th atrocities last year, most
hotels and  resorts  reported  70-80%  declines  in winter  and spring  vacation
reservations.  Which, of course, raises the interesting question of just who was
it anyway on September  12th and through the end of that terrible month that was
making  new ski and sun  winter  vacation  reservations?  As we had noted in our
shareholder letter dated

                                       7

<PAGE>

BARON ASSET FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

October 2001 when share prices for our hotels and resorts were falling  sharply,
"When times are a little more difficult...or a tragedy  occurs...Americans forgo
their vacations...for a while...a short while. But, for sure, before long you'll
be vacationing again...and we think it'll be sooner than you now think." I spoke
to Butch Kerzner recently. Butch is the President of Sun International and Sol's
son. Butch reminded me that shortly after September 11th last year, I told him I
thought  Sun's  business  would  get  a  lot  better  a  lot  sooner  than  most
expected...and that he should "be a buyer not a seller." That, I responded,  was
one of the few times that I, as an  outsider,  had just as much  chance to guess
what would happen to his business as he did. We both guessed right. He prudently
cut costs and, at the same time,  continued to market  strongly to  vacationers.
Sun's business  improved  sharply from last fall through spring 2002.  Christmas
vacations  cancelled seem not to have been cancelled at all, but only postponed.
Spring  break and Easter  2002 set  records in  occupancy  and rates on Paradise
Island.

VAIL RESORTS  experienced  the same trends and also achieved  record  results in
occupancy and rates this spring. Vail's Chairman,  Adam Aron, had also prudently
cut costs last fall and just as aggressively promoted to obtain new business. We
can confirm this  resurgent  high-end  resort  business  first hand.  One of our
analysts  wanted to visit  Paradise  Island for a weekend  getaway with his wife
this spring. And, I recently learned,  they were unable to make a reservation in
Sun's $853 per night,  average room rate,  ultra luxury Ocean Club!  Fortunately
for them, they were able to get reservations at Four Seasons' Nevis, even though
that Caribbean resort was also strongly booked!

CHOICE HOTELS hardly suffered from the travel dirth last fall.  Choice's limited
service hotels are visited  principally by budget oriented,  drive-in customers,
not by guests who have to fly to get there.  The franchisor of hotel  properties
reported  strong  first  quarter  earnings.  Gains  were  spurred by 4% new unit
growth,  principally conversions; a 10 basis point increase in royalty revenues;
and a 16% increase in Partner services  revenues.  Further,  just as the upscale
Vail and Sun aggressively cut expenses, so did Choice. Choice's 300 basis points
overhead expense cuts also boosted  profits.  Choice has also continued its very
aggressive  share  repurchase  program.  During  the  past  three  years  it has
repurchased  and retired about a third of its  outstanding  shares...at  what we
think are attractive prices.

DOLLAR TREE is another of our long time holdings  that we haven't  written about
for a while.  This even though its chairman,  Macon Brock,  was one of our Baron
Investment  Conference speakers two years ago. While Dollar Tree has been a very
successful investment for us over the years, we expect a lot more success in the
not distant future.  Dollar Tree opened its 2000th store last quarter,  we think
there's the potential  for perhaps  three times as many,  and achieved 27% sales
growth  with  only 5%  inventory  growth.  Inventory  was 19%  lower per foot of
selling space, a very favorable result,  while sell through was over 90%, also a
very favorable result.  Margins improved,  helped in part by better results from
its acquired and previously troublesome  Philadephia  distribution center. Newly
opened stores are more productive, 70% of mature stores' results compared to 60%
a year ago.  Dollar  Tree is a  beneficiary  of troubled  retailer K Mart.  As a
merchant of "close outs," Dollar Tree has been able, of late, to make  favorable
and opportunistic inventory buys from K Mart and other merchant liquidations.

SOTHEBY'S.  In late April,  London's  Financial  Times  reported  that A. Alfred
Taubman,  Sotheby's controlling  shareholder,  hired Goldman Sachs to advise him
regarding the possible sale of Sotheby's. We believe Mr. Taubman's advisors will
work  closely  with the  advisors to  Sotheby's,  J.P.  Morgan  Chase and Morgan
Stanley,  to, hopefully,  achieve a sale of this business in the near term at an
attractive price. The company's current auction sales schedule is very good; the
competitive  threat of Phillip's that roiled the market for two years has ended;
Sotheby's new Internet partnership with eBay could be quite important;  and, the
company's  principal legal issues have been resolved.  Sotheby's  management has
performed  remarkably well under very difficult  circumstances  but, without the
financial  resources  to do so,  has been  unable to  realize  on the  company's
financial  services  opportunities.  That,  as much as the  retail  opportunity,
offers great potential to a new owner.

CHARLES  SCHWAB.  "There's never been a better time for  Schwab!"That's  the tag
line for its new advertising campaign. That talks about advice offered by Schwab
that's  unconflicted...unconflicted  by the investment  banking  influences that
you've  been  reading so much about  daily in The New York  Times.  Advice  that
stresses  diversification  among  stocks  and  fixed  income  securities.  Chuck
Schwab's  point  is that  Ford  Foundation  and  Carnegie  Foundation  are  well
established and have been growing their  endowments  every year not by investing
in hot stocks  but  through  prudent  diversification.  We think  this  campaign
couldn't be more timely.

Charles  Schwab's  current low share price  reflects  its  customers'  depressed
trading  activity,  lower than normal margin  borrowings  and depressed  trading
spreads.  These have resulted in less than normal earnings for Schwab.  Schwab's
customers in the

                                       8

<PAGE>

BARON ASSET FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1990's executed six trades per $100,000 account per year. The outlier period, of
course,  occurred during the frenzied 1999-2000 period when, for a brief period,
customers  traded 9-10 times per year per account.  For the past three quarters,
Schwab's  clients have  averaged  less than 4 trades per year, a third less than
the pre-Internet period! Further, its customers' margin borrowings, an important
contributor  to  Schwab's  profitability,  typically  average  more  than  2% of
customer assets,  during the "bubble" they exceeded 2.5% of customer assets, but
currently   approximate   just  1%  of  customer   assets.   A  few  years  ago,
pre-"decimalization"  and pre-"price  improvement"  on 40% of its NASDAQ orders,
Schwab earned  nearly $.07 per share on these trades.  Last year this spread had
nearly  disappeared and currently it approximates just one tenth of its formerly
robust  level.  Pre  1999,  Schwab  averaged  more than 60 basis  points  annual
revenues per dollar of customer  assets.  It currently  averages  about 50 basis
points. By comparison, Merrill Lynch averages 130 basis points.

Schwab has cut its annual operating expenses hundreds of millions of dollars per
year and, even in these uninspiring times, its baby boomer customers continue to
invest  nearly $5-6  billion new money per month in their  Schwab  accounts.  We
expect Schwab's  customer assets,  ultimately the principal  determinant of that
company's  earnings,  to reach $2 trillion from their current about $850 billion
in perhaps four or five years.  With trading and margin  borrowing  returning to
"normal"  pre-boom  levels  in the next few years  and some  recovery  in NASDAQ
spreads,  institutional  brokers have recently  instituted $.05 per share agency
charges, a hopeful sign,  Schwab's earnings should increase  dramatically.  Also
adding potential is the company's new "advice" offerings that in test have shown
20 basis points annual  revenue  increases on client assets and advisor  account
referrals which have helped solidify Schwab's  relationships  with its important
partners.  Further, fixed income offers a significant asset gathering and income
opportunity.  Fixed income revenues have multiplied  about ten times in the past
few years and this year  should grow about 35% to $150  million...and  Schwab is
just getting started!

The bottom line?  Schwab's shares now sell for about 1.2% of its customer assets
which are  growing.  In 1992 when we began to invest in this  company,  Schwab's
market cap was $900 million, about 1.5% of its then $60 billion customer assets.
In four or five  years we think  Schwab  could earn $1.75 to more than $2.00 per
share and sell at perhaps five times its current  share price.  Baron Asset Fund
sold 62% of its holdings in Schwab since  February  1999 at an average  price of
$31.27 per share, about three times its current share price.

THANK YOU FOR INVESTING IN BARON ASSET FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We recognize that for most  individuals  deciding how to invest your hard earned
savings is a  difficult  decision.  We're  certain it has become even more so of
late due to the ongoing  United States  recession,  the 2000-2001 bear market in
stocks and the crisis of confidence  that has plagued  corporate  America and in
particular, Wall Street.

We hope our quarterly shareholder letters and annual investment conferences have
made it easier for you to determine if stocks, in general, and Baron Asset Fund,
in particular, continue to be attractive and appropriate investments for you and
your family.

We want to thank you for  choosing  to join us as fellow  shareholders  in Baron
Asset Fund.  We will  continue to work hard to justify your  confidence.  Again,
thank you for your strong  support.  We are looking forward to seeing you at the
Eleventh Annual Baron Investment Conference this fall.

Sincerely,

/s/Ronald Baron
---------------
   Ronald Baron
   Chairman and Portfolio Manager
   May 20, 2002

                                       9

<PAGE>
[REGISTERED LOGO]

2 BARON GROWTH FUND

PERFORMANCE....................... 10
PORTFOLIO STRUCTURE............... 10
PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS................ 11





767 Fifth Avenue
NY, NY 10153
212.583.2100
1.800.99.BARON
BaronFunds.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARON GROWTH FUND

SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT                                                MARCH 31, 2002

[PHOTO]
Ron Baron, Portfolio Manager

DEAR BARON GROWTH
FUND SHAREHOLDER:

PERFORMANCE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Baron  Growth Fund  continued  to perform  well in the quarter  ending March 31,
2002.  The Fund gained 4.5% versus 4.0% and 0.3% for the Russell  2000, an index
of small cap  companies,  and the large cap S&P 500  respectively.  Baron Growth
Fund's  performance  record  compares  favorably to the Russell 2000 index, on a
1-year,  3-year,  5-year or since inception basis. The Fund has outperformed the
Russell 2000 by 13.7% in the past year, 4.9% per year over three years, 7.4% per
year over five years and 10.0% per year since its inception in 1995.

Baron Growth Fund  significantly  outperformed its small cap growth peers in the
quarter  ending  March 31,  2002.  The Fund  gained  4.5%,  while  according  to
Morningstar,  the average  small cap growth fund lost 1.4% in the quarter.  Over
the last year, Baron Growth Fund gained 27.7% while the average small cap growth
Fund gained 8.7%.

The Fund,  like its older  sibling  Baron Asset Fund,  which invests in slightly
larger  companies,   seeks  out  growth  businesses,   companies  in  which  our
independent  research  has  identified  opportunities  that  could  allow  these
companies to at least  double in size over the next four years,  and then double
again in four more  years,  and that can be  purchased  at what we  believe  are
attractive prices. Our strategy,  as the economy recovers,  is to wait patiently
for  opportunities  to invest for the long term at reasonable  prices in what we
believe are great businesses.  Our goal, which of course we may not achieve,  is
to double  shareholders' money invested in the Fund every five years, or in good
markets a little  faster.  In the seven and  one-quarter  years since the Fund's
inception  the Fund has more  than  quadrupled  shareholder's  per  share  value
investments while the Russell 2000 has a little bit more than doubled.

In the  quarter  ended March 31,  2002,  the Fund's  performance  was led by its
investments  in  Business  Services,   Recreation  and  Resorts  and  Media  and
Entertainment. The companies that had the greatest positive impact on the Fund's
performance were: University of Phoenix Online,  ChoicePoint,  Chico's FAS, Vail
Resorts,  Saga  Communication,  Radio  One,  Apollo  Group  and  OM  Group.  Our
investment in SmartForce was the only investment that had a significant negative
impact on the Fund's performance in the quarter.

Portfolio Structure
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table I
Portfolio Metrics
--------------------------------------
Est. P/E Ratio Forward           24.4X
Est. 5 Year EPS Growth             26%
Median Market Cap         $1.2 billion
Equity Securities                   71
--------------------------------------


Table II
Industry Breakdown
----------------------------------------
Business Services                  14.5%
Retail Stores and Restaurants      13.5%
Health Services                     8.4%
Education                           7.8%
Financial                           7.7%
Recreation and Resorts              6.0%
Hotels and Lodging                  5.3%
Chemical                            4.6%
Media and Entertainment             4.5%
Other                              13.8%
----------------------------------------

<PAGE>

BARON GROWTH FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

RECENT INVESTMENTS. Lots of them.

During the second  quarter,  Baron Growth Fund  established new investments in a
dozen companies.  Among the recent portfolio  additions:  radio audience ratings
provider  Arbitron  should soon benefit from patented new electronic  technology
that should give its radio station clients more accurate listener ratings;  home
goods retailer Linens 'n Things' stores are selling an increasing  percentage of
more profitable  "things;"  Fair,  Isaac,  the dominant  consumer credit scoring
service,  has begun to make its scores available to not just credit grantors but
to  consumer  borrowers  in an  effort to help  those  consumers  improve  their
behavior and their credit...and to give Fair, Isaac an opportunity to earn a lot
of money;  PRG-Schultz  is the result of the merger of the two largest  business
auditors  which  determine  whether  their  clients  were over  charged by their
vendors;  the resultant  company should benefit from synergies,  best practices,
changes in client  business  practices;  traveling  nurse provider Cross Country
benefits from the current nursing shortage and its ability to provide  hospitals
with more  capable and less  expensive  help than  traditional  temporary  nurse
providers;   and,  hospice  provider  Odyssey   Healthcare  offers   individuals
palliative  care in their final days that's less  expensive  than  institutional
care and allows them to remain  with their  families.  The first four  mentioned
have  very  good  growth  prospects,  the last two are  currently  growing  very
rapidly. In all instances these businesses' share prices do not, in our opinion,
yet accurately reflect their prospects.

In our last  quarterly  shareholder  letter  we  discussed  the  merits of three
unique, "hyper growth" small cap investments,  on-line,  degree granting college
University  of Phoenix  Online,  donut  retailer  and  franchisor  Krispy  Kreme
Doughnuts and women's  specialty  clothing  retailer Chico's FAS. All three have
since performed well. We also wrote about a strongly  growing  business,  highly
specialized,  institutional  broker  Jefferies,  that  we  purchased  at what we
believed a very  attractive  price,  which has also  since  performed  well.  In
keeping with our diversified  investment  theme,  this current letter  describes
three  recent  small  cap  investments,   Linens  'n  Things,  Fair,  Isaac  and
PRG-Schultz, with strong, but certainly not hyper growth prospects, that we have
purchased at what we believe to be very attractive prices.  While "hyper growth"
investments  may  offer  higher  potential  returns  than  attractively   valued
businesses with good growth prospects,  those investments,  due to more generous
valuations, may also be riskier. Thus, our Fund's portfolio diversification will
hopefully  not be just  prudent but will also  provide  above  average  returns.
Which, since the founding of Baron Growth Fund in 1995 it has.

PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Linens 'n Things'  home stores are quite  similar to Bed Bath & Beyond's.  These
two profitable and growing businesses are valued quite differently by investors,
however. Bed Bath & Beyond's market cap is $10.5 billion,  about three times its
annual $3.5 billion sales.  Linens 'n Things' market cap is $1.5 billion,  about
70% of its $2.2 billion annual sales.  The principal  reason for this disparity?
Bed Bath  achieves  annual  beddings and home  accessories  sales in its average
36,500 square foot stores that

[GRAPHS]
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                            <C>                             <C>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PERFORMANCE FOR THE QUARTER    PERFORMANCE FOR THE ONE YEAR    CULMULATIVE PERFORMANCE
ENDED MARCH 31, 2002           ENDED MARCH 31, 2002            SINCE INCEPTION
                                                               JANUARY 3, 1995 THROUGH
                                                               MARCH 31, 2002

BARON GROWTH FUND      4.5%    BARON GROWTH FUND      27.7%    BARON GROWTH FUND   315.7%
S&P 500*               0.3%    S&P 500*                0.2%    S&P 500*            181.6%
RUSSELL 2000*          4.0%    RUSSELL 2000*          14.0%    RUSSELL 2000*       123.6%
</TABLE>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
*S&P and Russell are with dividends.  The S&P 500,  Russell 200 and Russell 2500
are unmanaged  indexes.  The S&P measures the performance of the stock market in
general; the Russell 2000 and Russell 2500 of small and mid-sized companies.

                                       11

<PAGE>

BARON GROWTH FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

approximate  $219 per foot.  The slightly  smaller  35,000 square foot Linens 'n
Things stores average sales of $170 per foot.  Bed Bath is much more  profitable
and its growth has been uninterrupted. Bed Bath had pre tax profits last year of
12.2% and grew its profits 25%.  Linens profits fell 15% last year and it earned
only 5% before taxes.  So, is this a case of Wal-Mart vs. K Mart? Or, is it Home
Depot vs. Lowes? We think the latter is the more likely scenario.

Linens  was  founded 25 years  ago;  acquired  by  Melville  15 years  ago;  and
successfully  "spun out" as an independent  company in fall 1996.  Both Bed Bath
and Linens began their super store  formats about twenty years ago, Bed Bath was
focused on "things,"  Linens'  principally  on linens and textiles.  The Linens'
stores were rated highly by consumers;  but  consumers  raved about the Bed Bath
stores which were better  merchandized,  exciting and produced  significant high
margin,  repeat,  "things"  impulse sales.  Not only was their  merchandise more
exciting, Bed Bath's employees gave their customers better service. This was not
lost on Linens.  Linens invested  heavily in systems and logistics for years and
is now state of the art.  It began to sell  "things"  aggressively  in  1995-96.
While Bed Bath now has about  55% of its  sales in  "things,"  Linens is now 40%
"things" and going  higher.  And what are  "things?"  They are  gadgets,  coffee
makers, picture frames, pots and pans, knives, umbrellas,  etc., in other words,
"stuff" to bring  consumers back again and again,  not just to purchase  sheets,
pillows and towels. Further, Linens recognized that Bed Bath salespeople offered
better  service  and  instituted  programs to sharply  improve its own  efforts.
Linens'  stores are now  achieving  better  results.  "Things" are an increasing
percentage  of its sales.  Textiles  are  increasingly  sourced  from lower cost
offshore locales allowing Linens to boost quality,  e.g. 250 thread count sheets
last year to 300 this year,  while keeping  prices  unchanged,  providing a real
challenge  to  department  stores who are really  the main  competitor  with the
largest market share.  Anyway,  with  significant  margin  opportunity,  results
improving  and the  potential  to at least  double and maybe  nearly  triple its
stores,  we  invested  in Linens  'n  Things at a little  more than 18 times our
estimate  for 2002  earnings...which  we think could at least double in the next
four years.

FAIR,  ISAAC is  best-known  as the company that created the "fico score." Fair,
Isaac compiles this score through the use of an extremely  complex,  proprietary
algorithm  which   considers  the  wide  range  of  data  contained   within  an
individual's  credit file -- such as the amount of his  outstanding  credit card
balances and his historical  record of delinquencies -- and reduces that data to
a single number.  This score  represents a snap-shot  summary of an individual's
credit rating, on a scale that ranges from 300 to 850. This score is perhaps the
most  crucial  determinant  of  whether  someone  will be  granted  credit  in a
particular transaction.

The score is used as  follows:  when  someone  applies  for a credit  card,  the
company  considering  issuing that card, say Citibank,  will want to investigate
his or her credit  history.  There are three  major  credit  bureaus -- Equifax,
Experian and TransUnion -- that have complied credit files on virtually everyone
in the United States. Citibank will want to order the relevant credit files from
some number of these  bureaus,  but it will also want to condense  these  files,
which may be ten pages long, into a numerical  score that summarizes  everything
contained  within  the file.  Citibank  does this by also  ordering a fico score
along with the  underlying  credit  file.  This number  allows  Citibank to more
easily compare one applicant with another, and companies like Citibank generally
have internal  credit-granting  procedures that depend upon having this score in
order to reach a decision.

Although  it  took  Fair,  Isaac  years  and  extensive  research  by  top-level
statisticians  to create this algorithm,  it can now be resold millions of times
each year, with virtually no cost associated  with each  incremental  sale. As a
result,  this portion of the Company's  business is remarkably  attractive -- it
generates  about $125 million in revenues  with cash flow margins  north of 50%,
and has limited capital investment requirements.

The Company has also developed an online version of this business,  which allows
consumers to access  information  about their own fico scores,  allowing them to
determine how potential  credit grantors are likely to view their  applications.
Consumers  pay $12.95 to access this score  online,  for which the company again
bears virtually no incremental  costs. Last month, this business  generated over
$1mm in  revenues,  up from  virtually  nothing a year  earlier.  Over time,  we
believe this opportunity to sell individuals more information about their credit
histories is likely to become a very significant and profitable business.

Fair,  Isaac  also has  developed  a large  business  selling  various  software
products to the great  majority of credit card issuers.  The Company's  software
has become the credit card  industry's  standard for many  crucial  parts of its
business,  including  managing wide scale marketing  campaigns (4 billion credit
card  solicitations  were mailed last year) and overseeing their internal credit
portfolios.

The Company  also has a small,  but growing,  division  that is  developing  new
decision-making algorithms for additional industries.  Drawing upon its depth of
expertise in creating the fico

                                       12

<PAGE>

BARON GROWTH FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

algorithm,  Fair,  Isaac's  statisticians  are at work developing  solutions for
companies that are faced with making complex  decisions on a daily basis. One of
their first products is designed for companies that grant auto loans,  which use
the  algorithm  to  formulate  internal  rules for how and when to approve  loan
applications.  Fair,  Isaac  just  recently  announced  a deal  to  acquire  HNC
Software,  which should make the resulting company the undisputed leader in this
rapidly expanding field of decision-making software and applications.

Fair,  Isaac is  positioned  to grow its earnings at better than a 20% rate over
the next several years  through a variety of "levers" at its disposal.  The core
fico   business   should  grow  at  a   high-single   digit  rate  and  generate
ever-increasing  amounts of cash;  and, its emerging online business should grow
rapidly as it attracts new consumer awareness and signs new distribution  deals.
The software and consulting businesses will grow more quickly than the core, and
have room for significant  margin expansion.  The HNC acquisition is expected to
be mildly  accretive  this year,  largely due to expected cost  savings,  and it
should generate more meaningful revenue synergies in 2003 and beyond.  And, when
the HNC deal  closes,  the Company  will have over $350  million of net cash and
should be  generating  more than $100mm in free cash flow each year; an ongoing,
accretive  share buyback is likely.  As a result of these factors,  earnings per
share could exceed $4.25 within the next three years,  potentially  doubling its
share price.

PRG-Schultz  is the  leading  provider of recovery  audit  services,  an unusual
accounting  profession  niche that the company  pioneered.  The  company's  core
business  involves  helping its clients,  which are primarily  large  retailers,
recover overpayments made to their vendors. The reason this niche exists is that
large retail  vendors,  such as Proctor & Gamble or  Coca-Cola,  are  constantly
offering a complex assortment of discounts to their retail customers.

For  instance,  at the  beginning of September a P&G brand  manager might decide
that he or she needs to sell a certain  amount  more soap  before the end of the
month in order to meet an internal  sales target.  To encourage  sales,  P&G may
offer a 5%  discount  off every case of soap after the first one  hundred  cases
purchased  within the Southwest  region.  A large  retailer may have hundreds of
stores with dozens of regional  purchasing  managers  each buying some soap from
P&G. As a result, the retailer's  internal accounting systems frequently fail to
track its total purchases of a particular  brand of soap within a portion of its
stores within a prescribed time period.  Hence, the retailer would miss out on a
valuable potential  discount.  PRG-Schultz and its team of auditors are hired to
analyze the retailer's  records to make certain that this discount was, in fact,
received.   Given  that   retailers'   operating   margins   are  often  in  the
single-digits, this auditing service is extremely important to their bottom line
results.

In order to discover these  discounts,  which the retailers would otherwise have
missed,  PRG-Schultz must work with its clients' purchasing data on an extremely
granular level.  The Company's  auditors use  proprietary  software to help them
review individual purchase orders,  client invoices,  and other  correspondence,
which can easily number in the millions.  With a large client like Wal-Mart, the
Company actually has a team of auditors based in Bentonville  working  full-time
analyzing their data.

One of the reasons its  clients  are so happy using  PRG-Schultz  is that PRG is
paid on a pure  contingency  basis.  PRG-Schultz  keeps  about a quarter  of the
savings it identifies,  nothing more. As a result, the Company's auditors have a
strong incentive to find things that other lesser-paid, lesser-talented auditors
may have  missed.  The Company  estimates  that it recovers  about $1 million in
savings for every $1 billion in revenues that it audits.  Customers include most
of the country's  largest and best-known  retailers,  who are heavily reliant on
the Company's  audits.  As evidence,  its client  retention rate is greater than
90%.

One of the  most  interesting  aspects  of the  Company's  business  is  that it
dominates  its niche.  The company had been known as The Profit  Recovery  Group
until late last year,  when it acquired  Howard Schultz & Associates,  which had
been its  closest  competitor  for years.  The  resulting  combination,  renamed
PRG-Schultz,  is at least ten times the size of its nearest competitor.  The new
Company is quickly integrating the operations of Schultz. The merger should make
the new company much more  profitable as it eliminates  significant  overlapping
costs,  retains  only the most  productive  auditors,  shares its best  business
practices across the organization and firms pricing to its clients.

PRG-Schultz  is also  well-positioned  to grow. As its clients use more advanced
systems  to  track  their  internal  purchases,  including  the  greater  use of
Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) with their vendors,  the PRG-Schultz  auditors
will have access to more raw purchasing  data. This should allow them to broaden
the scope of their audits, and, hence, improve their overall recovery levels. It
will also allow the Company to begin its audits earlier in the year, and the use
of fresher data should also result in larger recoveries.

The Company is working with its clients to get permission to expand the scope of

                                       13

<PAGE>

BARON GROWTH FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

each audit to include  both a greater  range of vendors and a larger  variety of
potential claims. In addition, the company is enhancing its offerings outside of
the retail sector, its traditional stronghold,  and into other industries,  such
as technology and healthcare.  There is also a significant opportunity to expand
this service to foreign  retailers,  a great  majority of which do not currently
use any recovery auditing firm.

In the near term, the Company's margins should expand due to merger-related cost
savings,  and its top-line  should  benefit  from the  stronger  pricing and new
business  initiatives outlined above. These factors should combine over the next
few years to drive revenue growth in the low double-digit range and expansion of
the cash  flow  margin to the 30% range  from  less  than 20%  today.  Given the
Company's  modest  capital  expenditure  requirements,  it should also  generate
meaningful free cash flow. As a result, we believe that earnings per share could
grow from an estimated 50 cents this year,  to better than $1.25 within the next
three  years,  generating  a stock  price that could  nearly  double its current
level.

If you think the two notes on Fair,  Isaac and PRG-Schultz  read differently and
are of higher  quality than the others in Baron Asset Fund and Baron Growth Fund
reports,  it's because they are. My associate,  Andrew Peck, follows Fair, Isaac
with Cliff and me and  PRG-Schultz  with me. He is the  author of the  preceding
commentary on both companies.

THANK YOU FOR INVESTING IN BARON GROWTH FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We recognize that for most  individuals  deciding how to invest your hard earned
savings is a  difficult  decision.  We're  certain it has become even more so of
late due to the ongoing  United States  recession,  the 2000-2001 bear market in
stocks and the crisis of confidence  that has plagued  corporate  America and in
particular, Wall Street.

We hope our quarterly shareholder letters and annual investment conferences have
made it easier for you to  determine  if stocks,  in general,  and Baron  Growth
Fund, in particular,  continue to be attractive and appropriate  investments for
you and your family.

We want to thank you for  choosing  to join us as fellow  shareholders  in Baron
Asset Fund.  We will  continue to work hard to justify your  confidence.  Again,
thank you for your strong  support.  We are looking forward to seeing you at the
Eleventh Annual Baron Investment Conference this fall.

Sincerely,

/s/Ronald Baron
---------------
   Ronald Baron
   Chairman and Portfolio Manager
   May 20, 2002


                                       14

<PAGE>

[REGISTERED LOGO]

3 BARON SMALL
  CAP FUND

PERFORMANCE...................... 15
PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION............ 15
NEW IDEA......................... 16
CONCLUSION....................... 17

767 Fifth Avenue
NY, NY 10153
212.583.2100
1.800.99.BARON
BaronFunds.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARON SMALL CAP FUND

SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT                                                MARCH 31, 2002

[PHOTO]
Cliff Greenberg, Portfolio Manager

DEAR BARON SMALL CAP
FUND SHAREHOLDER:

PERFORMANCE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Baron Small Cap Fund (BSC) gained 9% in the first calendar quarter of 2002. This
is a strong  performance  versus the S&P 500,  which was flat,  and the  Russell
2000,  which was up 4%. We are  pleased  that Baron Small Cap was one of the top
performing small cap growth funds in the quarter and for the past year. Over the
last  year  the fund  has  risen  26% and we are  presently  up  about  50% from
post-September 11th bottom.

Our performance in the quarter was broad based. Most of our holdings were up,and
we had success with our growth  stocks,  our special  situations  and our fallen
angels. Our best performers included our education  holdings,  Career Education,
Apollo and University of Phoenix Online, which continue to grow earnings between
40% and 100% and their  stocks have  followed the  results.  The radio  industry
bottomed  in  February  and  started  to  grow  in  March.   Indications are for
accelerated growth in the second quarter and beyond.  Radio One and Westwood One
had strong  results  and their  stocks  were up nicely.  Special  situations  --
Ticketmaster,  Interactive Data, AMC Entertainment,  and Moore Corporation, were
strong.  Ticketmaster's Match.com division grew its subscription base 50% in the
quarter  and  is  developing   into  a  behemoth.   Interactive   Data  reported
double-digit  cash flow growth  selling  data to  financial  business  that were
trying to cut costs and made a meaningful acquisition of one of its competitors,
which  will be very  accretive.  AMC  Entertainment  is  prospering  in the less
competitive  film  exhibition  environment  and its  cash  flow is  expected  to
growover  30% with the strong box office  results they are  experiencing.  Moore
Corporation's  management plan of cost cutting,  share repurchase and aggressive
acquisition plans was well received by investors. We actually sold our position,
having  almost  doubled our money in under six months  because the stock hit our
price objective.

On the negative  side,  communications  tower operator SBA  Communications  fell
because of the difficulty in ascribing the  appropriate  equity value due to its
heavily  debt-laden  capital  structure.  We like  the  management  and like the
business, but understand the quandry, and sold our stock. Casella Waste was down
a bit in the quarter as other waste haulers  reported  weak results,  though its
results were in order.  This has been a long-time  holding  which we bought as a
fallen angel and sold in the quarter at a nice  profit,  as we found other ideas
which we felt offered better returns.

PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

At the end of March,  the Fund had $800 million in assets and 65  holdings.  The
top 10 positions  made up 34.5% of the Fund.  The total  holdings are up and the
top ten  concentration  is down, which is a continuation of our game plan of the
last year, to somewhat  prudently  diversify.  Our largest  holdings by industry
group,  as we  classify  them,  are:  16%  business  services,  16% health  care
services,  12%  retail/restaurants,  10% media and 10% education.  These are the
sectors  where we have  historically  invested,  where we feel

<PAGE>

BARON SMALL CAP FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

comfortable  and capable.  We are still not investing in technology  and medical
discovery,  since we do not consider  ourselves  sufficient  experts in business
analysis of these fields.

As in the  December  2001  quarter  period,  we were more  active than normal in
adding new names to the portfolio.  Market volatility  increased our opportunity
to establish  new  positions at good entry prices (and sell  existing  positions
where we consider the stocks full or where we find better ideas). Also, the Fund
has historically  invested in initial public  offerings and follow-on  secondary
offerings.  The capital markets  re-opened in the first quarter and we made some
new investments or expanded some smaller positions in these offerings.  It might
seem odd that we favor  public  offerings  as  entrance  points for  investments
because we pride ourselves on in-depth analysis and take sizeable positions that
one needs to get  comfortable  with. On the  contrary,  since we look at tens of
companies  before we make a single  investment,  we feel  proficient  in sifting
through all the new offerings to focus on potentially  special  companies.  With
the assistance of the companies'  managements,  we can quickly due diligence the
idea.  And we can often form  opinions  that are at  variance  with the  market,
especially in unseasoned public equities, which creates opportunity for us. From
more thorough investigation and additional  interaction with management,  we can
become more knowledgeable, gain conviction and expand the position size.

In the March  quarter,  we made  significant  new  investments in Cross Country,
Inc.,  in a  secondary  offering  and then the  market,  and in Anteon  and Arch
Capital,  in initial  offerings,  and the market  thereafter.  Additionally,  we
purchased  stocks under  stress,  fallen angels --- Hot Topic,  Fair,  Isaac and
Waste Connections.  We added to existing growth holdings  Information  Holdings,
Krispy Kreme and Weight Watchers when the stocks were temporarily depressed.  We
have sold out completely our positions in Moore Corporation, SBA Communications,
Casella Waste, Heidrick and Struggles and AmSurg and pieces of some of our other
holdings.

NEW IDEA
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Fund bought a meaningful  position in Cross  Country,  Inc. this quarter and
I'd like to take this opportunity to explain the business and the opportunity we
see in the stock.  Cross Country is one of the largest  providers of health care
staffing services in the United States.  The company's primary service is travel
nurse  staffing,  whereby  Cross  Country  places  nurses at hospitals for block
periods,  typically 3 month stints.  Cross  Country also provides  staffing on a
permanent  basis and per diem,  and  provides  other  human  capital  management
services to hospitals and drug companies doing clinical trials.

The company was  founded in 1986 and  operated as a division of WR Grace.  Grace
sold the company to a private equity firm in mid-1999 and later that year merged
the  company  with  the  industry   founder,   TravCorp.   The  operations  were
consolidated  in 2000 and taken  public in late  2001.  We  participated  in the
offering and have substantially increased our portion this quarter.

[GRAPHS]
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                            <C>                             <C>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PERFORMANCE FOR THE QUARTER    PERFORMANCE FOR THE ONE YEAR    CULMULATIVE PERFORMANCE
ENDED MARCH 31, 2002           ENDED MARCH 31, 2002            SINCE INCEPTION
                                                               OCTOBER 1, 1997 THROUGH
                                                               MARCH 31, 2002

BARON SMALL CAP FUND   9.0%    BARON SMALL CAP FUND   25.7%    BARON SMALL CAP FUND   70.2%
S&P 500*               0.3%    S&P 500*                0.2%    S&P 500*               28.5%
RUSSELL 2000*          4.0%    RUSSELL 2000*          14.0%    RUSSELL 2000*          18.0%
</TABLE>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
*S&P and Russell are with dividends.  The S&P 500,  Russell 200 and Russell 2500
are unmanaged  indexes.  The S&P measures the performance of the stock market in
general; the Russell 2000 and Russell 2500 of small and mid-sized companies.

                                       16

<PAGE>

BARON SMALL CAP FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Healthcare  staffing  services is a huge  industry,  growing very rapidly as the
population  ages and hospital  utilization  rises.  However,  nursing supply has
declined and is in shortage and this is expected to worsen. It is estimated that
over  80%  of  U.S.   hospitals  are  unable  to  meet  their  current   nursing
requirements.  Additionally,  healthcare providers are focused on reducing costs
and  have  turned  to  outsource  providers  to save  money  and  manage  demand
fluctuations.  Outsource providers, like Cross Country, now provide about 10% of
hospital labor, more than double the rate of 10 years ago. Of that 10%, about 1%
is travel nurses,  which is Cross  Country's  focus and the segment most rapidly
taking share.

Travel nurse staffing  involves  placement of registered nurses on a contracted,
fixed term  basis.  The  healthcare  professional  standardly  relocates  to the
geographic  area of  assignment  and the staffing  company  provides  employment
benefits,  travel and  housing,  along with the  placement.  Hospitals  love the
service, because they get high quality, committed, and reasonably priced nurses.
Nurse love it because they can choose the assignments by geography, by specialty
and by  particular  hospital,  are well paid and can better  control  their work
hours.  The service is in such demand that Cross Country  cannot fill two thirds
of its orders from hospitals.

The business plan is pretty  simple,to add units  (nurses),  grow price per unit
(wages paid by hospitals to Cross Country), leverage corporate infrastructure to
increase margins,  and supplement the base business growth with acquisitions and
complementary  business  opportunities.  We are very impressed and  enthusiastic
about management's  ability to execute on the plan. Joe Boshart is President and
CEO, has been with the company  since 1993,  and is doing a great job making the
plan a reality.

In 2001,  Cross  Country grew revenues 35% to $500 million and net income almost
doubled. Revenues grow 20% organically,  but much faster by the end of the year,
as the management  finished the business  integration  and focused on increasing
the nurse roll. In the fourth quarter of 2001, revenues grew 36% internally (and
48%  including  acquisitions)  driven by a 20% increase year over year in nurses
employed  and  double-digit  price  increases  paid by  hospitals.  In the first
quarter  of  2002,  just  reported,  Cross  Country  also  increased  its  nurse
placements  by 20%  internally  and  30%  including  acquisitions,  and  pricing
increased 14%. This resulted in 37% internal  revenue growth,  49% total revenue
growth, leverage in the operating model and more than doubling in profit. In our
conversations with management,  they were actually  disappointed in the internal
growth rate and have  undertaken a plan to expand the nurse  recruiter  staff to
grow  faster.  An  additional  reason for such  rapid  growth is that the "local
travel" concept is becoming more accepted.  This is where full-time  nurses give
up their employment at a hospital and come to work for a staffing  company,  who
will pay them as well or better,  limit the amount of overtime work required and
generally be superior employers.

Our opinion is that Cross  Country can continue to increase its internal  growth
in revenues from travel  nursing by 25-30% a year,  raise margins by 1/2 a basis
point plus per year and de-lever,  which drives  substantial  internal  earnings
growth of 30-40% a year. Additionally, we expect acquisitions to be an important
contributor to overall  corporate  growth.  For instance,  the company  acquired
Novapro in January 2002, a niche travel nurse provider focused on nurses seeking
more customized  benefits.  Cross Country feels it will grow revenues of Novapro
twice the  internal  growth  rate of its  existing  service.  They are  pursuing
acquisitions  of other  niche  travel  service  providers.  In late 2000,  Cross
Country acquired  Clinitrials,  which provides  outsourced staffing for clinical
trials.  This is a similar business to travel nurse staffing,  is growing nicely
on an  internal  basis  and  could  serve  as  the  platform  to a  much  bigger
opportunity.  And, not all of the supplemental  growth initiatives are external.
Cross  Country will start placing  nurses  sourced for outside the United States
later in 2002 and has had great success in recruiting qualified nurses.

All in all, we think we are on the front end of a very big  company.  Though the
stock is up from its initial  offering and from our purchase price, it trades at
less than 20 times our estimate  for out-year  earnings and we expect it to grow
sustainably  much  faster  for a long  time,  so we can  benefit  from  both the
earnings growth and multiple expansion.

CONCLUSION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The first quarter has witnessed  continued  volatility.  There is confusion over
the pace of economic recovery thus making it difficult to project earnings.  The
market  is  uncertain  how to  price  stocks  based  on  lack of  conviction  in
fundamentals and the technical indicators. And confidence has been shaken by the
Enron and Arthur Andersen  scandals,  the lawsuits against Wall Street analysts,
and fears of additional terrorism. Interesting times.

Our approach is the same as it has been and  consistent  with our prior thoughts
and writings. We feel the economy is on course to rebound, an opinion formed and
confirmed  from our constant

                                       17

<PAGE>

BARON SMALL CAP FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

discussions with the executives of our portfolio companies and other prospective
investments.  We are not  uncomfortable  projecting  earnings  or  prospects  in
uncertain  times which we do based on our own  fundamental  analysis.  We do not
really  consider  technical  analysis.  And though we are  appalled by Enron and
Arthur  Andersen  and  somewhat  miffed by the  litigation  against  Wall Street
analysts,  we believe the public  flogging  will have the  beneficial  effect of
reforming  these  market  participants.  We continue to have great belief in the
market's  integrity  and believe it will only  improve  from  scrutiny.  We will
maintain our focus on being  long-term  investors who can take  advantage of the
fears and  over-reactions of others to buy stocks well. We continue to build the
portfolio from the bottom up, name by name,  based on our (often very different)
opinion  about the  prospects  for our  companies and the future of their equity
prices.

I would like to take this chance to thank  Stefan  Mykytiuk,  who worked with me
for four years on the Fund.  Stefan proved himself to be a terrific  analyst and
stock  picker and a great  friend and  sounding  board.  We wish him well on his
venture to open his own investment firm.

Thank you for your continued support.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Cliff Greenberg
-------------------
    Cliff Greenberg
    Portfolio Manager
    May 20, 2002

                                       18


<PAGE>

4 BARON iOPPORTUNITY
  FUND

PERFORMANCE...................... 19
HOLDINGS UPDATE.................. 19
CONCLUSION....................... 24

767 Fifth Avenue
NY, NY 10153
212.583.2100
1.800.99.BARON
BaronFunds.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARON iOPPORTUNITY FUND

SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT                                                MARCH 31, 2002

[PHOTO]
Mitch Rubin, Portfolio Manager

DEAR BARON IOPPORTUNITY
FUND SHAREHOLDER:

PERFORMANCE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The year 2002 has gotten off to a difficult start for the iOpportunity Fund. The
Fund fell 6.3% in the first  quarter as  compared  with a 5.4%  decline  for the
NASDAQ  Composite and a 14.1% decline for the Morgan Stanley Internet Index. The
Fund has  fallen  further  since the end of the first  quarter  and,  as of this
writing, is down approximately 12% for the year. This continued poor performance
is frustrating,  to say the least.  Especially  because it comes amid signs that
the economy has bottomed and seems poised for a recovery.

Near term performance not withstanding, we continue to believe that we are still
in the very early  innings of the  Internet  revolution.  A statement in Intel's
most recent annual report best describes our thesis:

The  history  of  technology  revolutions  is told in cycles  of boom,  bust and
build-out...If  history is any guide,  the Internet  revolution  is on track for
decades of growth and has yet to see its most rewarding  years...Even though 500
million PCs are in use worldwide,  only 10% of the world's  population is online
so far. As digital  computing  and  communications  increasingly  converge,  the
online revolution is just beginning.

In some sectors,  this revolution has become clear and the stocks of its leaders
have risen sharply (i.e. the internet travel sector). In most others, especially
those dependent on wide-scale  corporate  adoption and investment,  the rise has
been slowed by economic and business malaise compounded by increasingly negative
investor  sentiment.  We believe that we are now  witnessing the tale end of the
"bust"  that  followed  the  "boom".  Yet we also  believe  that we will soon be
entering  the phase of the  "build  out,"  whose  rewards,  we  expect,  will be
substantial.  We believe that as and when the economic cloud lifts, the adoption
of  internet  applications  will  re-accelerate  and  will  drive  the  business
fundamentals for the companies in our universe. These fundamentals,  we hope and
expect, will drive increasing stock prices in the not-too-distant future.

HOLDINGS UPDATE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INTERNET TRAVEL

We have  maintained  large  investments in the internet  travel sector since the
fund's inception and the sector continues to perform exceptionally well. Our two
core holdings, Expedia and Hotel Reservations Network (now known as Hotels.com),
have recovered  spectacularly from the disruptions in the travel industry caused
by 9/11,  and both  continue  to  substantially  exceed even the  street's  most
bullish revenue and earnings expectations.  Expedia recently posted 103% revenue
and 546% earnings growth, for its first quarter,  while Hotels.com  recorded 57%
revenue and 53% earnings growth in the same period.

Both  companies  continue  to benefit  from the secular  shift of consumer  and,
increasingly, business travelers to the internet as the primary source of travel
information  and  bookings.  And,  despite a steady flow of new entrants and the
constant  threat of  competition,  both

<PAGE>

BARON IOPPORTUNITY FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

companies are emerging as market-share  leaders in a sector that remains at very
early stages of its evolution. Today, less than 15% of airplane tickets and less
than 4% of hotel  reservations are booked on the internet,  a penetration  level
that we expect  will  continue  to rise  substantially  as time  progresses  and
travelers are drawn to the values, convenience and flexibility of internet-based
travel planning. Moreover, both companies continue to innovate and introduce new
products and create new distribution  channels to press their leadership in this
burgeoning industry further.

It is  interesting  to note that while the two  companies  are direct and fierce
competitors in the on-line  merchant hotel business,  and both have continued to
perform well despite that competition, the companies now have the same corporate
parent in USA Interactive,  which recently completed the acquisition of Expedia.
While it is  difficult  to predict how this new  relationship  will impact their
competition,  we believe that the  commitment  of USA,  and its  entrepreneurial
chairman Barry Diller,  to the internet travel sector can benefit both companies
over the next several years.

AMAZON

Perhaps one of the most widely  recognized  and  controversial  companies of the
internet  revolution is Amazon.com.  The internet's largest integrated  retailer
has been both  praised and  scorned as the poster  child for the promise and the
crash  of the  dot.com  industry.  Over  the last  two  years,  as the  internet
revolution  lost its luster and investors  re-focused  on company  fundamentals,
Amazon's share price crumbled as the company's  money-losing  business  combined
with its $2 billion of convertible  debt was projected to force the company into
bankruptcy.

However,  as the  investing  public  increasingly  discredited  Amazon  (and the
internet in general), the company began to show signs of becoming what it always
expected it would be -- a world class, highly profitable retailer.  As the stock
fell throughout 2000 and 2001, Amazon began to stem its losses, curb its capital
investment,  increase  its  inventory  turns,  launch new and highly  profitable
business  extensions and, perhaps most  importantly,  LOWER prices for consumers
while still providing  world-class customer service.  And, to the amazement (and
continued disbelief) of many, the company turned a profit in BOTH the seasonally
strong  fourth  quarter of 2001 and the  seasonally  weak first quarter of 2002.
Ironically,  Amazon's  first profit was reported in the same week that long-time
bricks and mortar retailer, K-Mart, filed for bankruptcy protection.

We believe that Amazon is on the verge of  fulfilling  the vision of its founder
Jeff Bezos of becoming one of the public's  favorite places to shop for anything
on the  internet,  while also  producing  triple-digit  returns  on capital  and
sustainable  earnings  growth  for  its  shareholders.  Yet,  while  Amazon  has
performed  exceedingly  well of late (and the stock has appreciated  nicely over
the past several months),  the market,  to us, remains overly  pessimistic about
Amazon's prospects.  The media, it seems, continues to focus on negative stories
about the company and its prospects,  many analysts remain

[GRAPHS]
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                            <C>                             <C>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PERFORMANCE FOR THE QUARTER     PERFORMANCE FOR THE ONE YEAR     CULMULATIVE PERFORMANCE
ENDED MARCH 31, 2002            ENDED MARCH 31, 2002             SINCE INCEPTION
                                                                 FEBRUARY 29, 2000 THROUGH
                                                                 MARCH 31, 2002

BARON IOPPORTUNITY FUND  -6.3%  BARON IOPPORTUNITY FUND   14.9%  BARON IOPPORTUNITY FUND   -44.9%
NASDAQ COMPOSITE         -5.4%  NASDAQ COMPOSITE           0.3%  NASDAQ COMPOSITE          -60.7%
MORGAN STANLEY                  MORGAN STANLEY                   MORGAN STANLEY
INTERNET INDEX          -14.1%  INTERNET INDEX           -29.8%  INTERNER INDEX            -89.5%
</TABLE>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
*The  NASDAQ  Composite  and the Morgan  Stanley  Internet  Index are  unmanaged
indexes.  The NASDAQ Composite  tracks the performance of market-value  weighted
common  stockslisted  on NASDAQ;  the Morgan Stanley  Internet Index of actively
traded, high market cap internet stocks drawn from nine internet subsectors.

                                       20

<PAGE>

BARON IOPPORTUNITY FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

cautious  and  critical of the company and the stock,  and the  company's  short
interest (a bearish bet against the company by  investors)  remains at very high
levels. To us, this makes for an interesting investment opportunity.  We believe
that Amazon's  valuation at roughly 2x sales is compelling,  especially now that
revenue  growth  appears to be  re-accelerating,  margins are  expanding and the
company is about to begin generating free cash flow (all of which we expect this
year).  Moreover,  with its evolution as a profitable  entity, the company is on
its firmest  financial  footing of the last few years with over $700  million in
cash, no debt  repayments  due until 2007,  and operating  earnings that are now
projected to cover interest expense.

Over the next several years,  we believe that Amazon can deliver at least 15-20%
sales growth and generate high  single-digit  profit  margins.  In addition,  we
believe  that the company  can double its  revenue  over the next 3-5 years with
little, if any, additional capital investment,  especially as new initiatives --
such as running the e-commerce activities of third-party partners,  like Circuit
City and Target,  and selling used products  from its  customers  (both of which
generate  healthy  earnings with little or no  investment or inventory  risk) --
mature.  This should produce a dramatically  increasing stream of free cash flow
and, in our opinion, drive continued appreciation in AMZN's share price over the
next few years.

OVERTURE

We have had a significant invesment in Overture (formerly known as GoTo.com) for
much of the past year and, during 2001, it was our most  successful  investment,
rising in value over 350%.  This year,  however,  the  company's  stock has been
under significant pressure.

As we've discussed in the past, Overture is a search engine solution provider to
other web sites. The company provides search results for its affiliates that are
generated  through a vibrant auction amongst its 40,000  advertisers who bid for
rankings on an ever increasing list of search terms.  These advertisers only pay
the amount that  they've  bid on the term if their link is  "clicked  on" by the
searcher.  In this way, the advertiser only pays for customers  actually brought
to their sites and  Overture  shares the payment  with its  affiliates  on whose
sites the search was  conducted.  By creating  both an  advertiser-friendly  and
robust,  scaleable  technology  platform,  as well as an  impressive  roster  of
affiliate sites,  Overture's business has witnessed  spectacular growth,  rising
from $27 million in revenues  generating  $33.6  million in operating  losses in
1999 to a business  projected  to do over $560  million in revenue and  generate
approximately $90 million in operating income this year. Moreover,  Overture has
helped  its  affiliates  generate  substantial  revenue  for  themselves  from a
service, internet search, that they used to provide for their customers at great
expense.

This  year,  however,  OVER's  success  has  been  overshadowed  by  the  highly
publicized  negotiations  for  renewal  between  the  company and its three most
prominent  affiliates:  Microsoft's  MSN,  Yahoo!  and AOL.  Despite  Overture's
success  and the  strength  of its  platform  and  intellectual  property,  many
investors  seemingly  concluded that the outcome of these  negotiations  was the
only  determinant  of value for the company in the near term,  and the company's
stock has gyrated violently as those  negotiations  unfolded.  A brief review of
the last few weeks will give you a glimpse of this volatility.

In February, when it was announced that Earthlink, a marginal partner whose site
had very little  search  traffic and who  accounted for less than a few million
dollars  of  Overture's  revenue,  had not  renewed  its  relationship  with the
company, Overture's stock fell nearly 50% in a single day as investors seemingly
concluded  that this signaled a potential  wholesale  departure of partners over
the next few months.  This  sell-off was  reversed a few weeks later,  when OVER
announced  the renewal of its  relationship  with MSN and an  expansion  of this
agreement for two years.  In fact,  the stock  recovered  nearly all of its lost
ground.  This  recovery was further  buoyed by the  company's  report of stellar
year-end 2001 results that substantially  exceeded even the most bullish analyst
projections.  That  recovery  was short  lived,  however,  as rumors  and delays
regarding  the  potential  renewal of AOL's  relationship  with OVER took center
stage.  This decline was again offset when OVER  reported  even  stronger  first
quarter 2002  results,  and  announced  the  unexpected  signing of a three-year
contract extension with Yahoo!,  which, in our opinion, is the most important of
the  company's  affiliates  and the  one in  which  the  market  had the  lowest
expectation of renewal. Again the stock recovered sharply -- until a week later,
when OVER announced that the company had ended its  relationship  with AOL which
had decided to  outsource  search to another  company  (for a variety of reasons
that we believe have less to do with pay per search  listing and more with AOL's
other internal issues). In the wake of this announcement, OVER's stock has again
fallen sharply and remains under pressure, despite the fact that OVER, in tandem
with announcing the loss of the AOL  relationship,  substantially  increased its
revenue  and  earnings  guidance  for 2003 to give

                                       21

<PAGE>
BARON IOPPORTUNITY FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

affect to its strong first quarter and the renewal of the YHOO deal.

This  volatility  has  been  costly  for the  Fund as OVER is one of our  larger
positions.  However, we have maintained our investment in the company because it
has, in our opinion,  one of the most profitable and exciting business models in
our  universe.  Despite the loss of AOL,  OVER still  reaches  nearly 85% of all
internet  users  through its other  affiliates  and the  monetization  of search
traffic  remains at a very early stage of its evolution.  Moreover,  the company
has no inventory or capital risk,  provides a highly  measurable and inexpensive
client acquisition tool for its advertisers,  and a terrific means of monetizing
the search page for its affiliates.  In fact, OVER is one of the only successful
internet  advertising  companies  to survive  and thrive  during  this period of
broader  advertising  contraction  and  remains,  far and  away,  the  leader in
pay-for-performance   internet  marketing.  The  company  is  highly  profitable
(current   operating  margins  are  over  10%  and  we  expect  them  to  expand
substantially  over the next few years), has over $200 million in cash, no debt,
and now has its core  affiliate  line up in place  for the next  several  years.
Perhaps most importantly, OVER also has a terrific management team that has kept
a calm and measured  perspective  throughout  this  difficult  period,  focusing
instead  on the  company's  long-term  prospects  and the power of its  internal
momentum. With its affiliate deals now in place and the company's business model
intact,  the stock is now  trading at less than 10 times next  year's  operating
profits,  which  are still  projected  to grow in excess of 25% per year for the
next several years. With this deal and volatility now behind us, we believe that
fundamentals and earnings growth will once again drive the stock price higher.

THE CABLE SECTOR

In previous  letters,  we have  described our thesis that the US cable  industry
will be a primary  beneficiary of increased  broadband  penetration to the home.
And,  from an operating  perspective,  most of the public cable  companies  have
begun to demonstrate the promise of this penetration with accelerating  revenues
and cash flows  driven by new  services  and  products,  such as digital  cable,
high-speed  internet  access  and  telephony.  These  accomplishments  have been
overshadowed,  however,  by a  troubling  series of  anomalous  issues that have
captured  investor  sentiment and pressured the industy's  valuation  this year.
These issues include, among others,  Cablevision's  well-publicized dispute with
the new YES Network over  carriage of Yankee games;  the  disclosure by Adelphia
Communications  that the company had guaranteed but failed to disclose nearly $3
billion  in  personal  loans to its  controlling  shareholders;  the  firing  by
Charter's  Paul Allen of that  company's  well  respected CEO; the bankruptcy of
Excite@Home, the internet access supplier for many cable companies; the overhang
of the  AT&T-Comcast  merger;  and the decelerating  pace of digital  subscriber
growth in certain markets. As a result of these and other factors,  cable stocks
have fallen  dramatically with prices across the industry down nearly 40% in the
first few months of this year.

While this performance has been  disheartening,  we have maintained our exposure
to the  sector,  focusing  predominantly  on two of the  smaller,  less  complex
companies,  Insight  Communications  and  Mediacomm.  The  reason  we  have  not
abandoned  these  investments  despite the pressures on the sector is our simple
conclusion that the fundamental  operating  results at these companies have been
strong  and  improving  and  have  not  been  impacted  by  any  of  the  above,
company-specific issues. With valuations contracting to five-year sector lows at
the same time  revenue  and cash flow  growth  rates are  approaching  five-year
highs,  we believe the market is "throwing the babies out with the bathwater" by
seemingly  reaching  the  conclusion  that the problems of a few  companies  are
indicative of broader problems with the industry. We disagree.

As we've  highlighted in past letters,  Insight is a leader in advanced services
deployment,   such   as   telephony,   video-on-demand,   interactive   weather,
entertainment,  sports and news  channels,  and  internet  access.  In addition,
Insight's systems are highly efficient, as its subscribers are clustered tightly
in 4 contiguous  Midwestern states with the majority of those subscribers served
from integrated 100,000+ subscriber head ends. This allows Insight to distribute
its advanced services in a highly efficient  low-cost manner. As its stock price
was recently falling to new lows, Insight released  preliminary  results for its
first fiscal  quarter  that  demonstrated  strong  growth  across all  operating
metrics,  including  strong  basic,  digital and data  subscriber  additions,  a
re-acceleration  of  advertising  revenue,  and  the  continued  growth  in  the
company's  average revenue per subscriber.  Not only dowe believe that Insight's
operating  performance  deserves a higher  valuation than its current 10.5x 2003
cash flow,  but we believe  that  investors  are giving  little to no credit for
Insight's  strategic  value to  several of the larger  cable  operators  in this
rapidly consolidating industry.

We also believe that Mediacomm is drastically undervalued. MCCC has successfully
integrated  last  year's   acquisition  of  cable  systems   comprising  700,000
subscribers from AT&T and

                                       22
<PAGE>

BARON IOPPORTUNITY FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

is reaping the  benefits of improved  margins at these  systems.  Although  more
geographically dispersed than Insight, Mediacomm is also showing strong traction
for its new  digital  and data  services  and,  when  coupled  with  the  margin
expansion  potential  at the AT&T  systems,  is  projected  to show  some of the
highest operating cash flow growth rates in the industry this year. Yet, despite
its operating achievements and a highly liquid capital structure, at its current
price,  MCCC is trading at a nearly 50% discount,  on a per subscriber basis, to
the rest of the companies in the industry.

We believe that both MCCC and ICCI have the potential to double their  operating
cash flows over the next several years as new services  generate  higher monthly
subscriber  fees across a now relatively  fixed  operating cost base and capital
structure.  From  current  levels,  we  believe  that the  stock  prices of both
companies  have the  potential  to increase  dramatically  over the next several
years as other companies'  headline grabbing issues fade and investors  re-focus
on industry fundamentals.

WIRELESS TOWERS

All of our  investments in the wireless sector have been poor performers to date
in 2002  including  wireless  carrier  Sprint PCS,  handset  and  infrastructure
provider   Nokia,   and  wireless  tower   operators   American  Tower  and  SBA
Communications.  The wireless  industry as a whole has suffered this year from a
combination of factors,  including surprisingly weak subscriber additions in the
normally seasonally strong fourth quarter,  increased customer churn among major
carriers,  and the lingering global  recession.  These issues were compounded at
the  wireless  tower  companies  by  liquidity  concerns  brought  on  by  those
companies'  excessive  financial  leverage.  Although we  initially  reduced our
exposure  to the tower  stocks  several  months  ago (but not  before  incurring
significant  losses),  we have begun to  revisit  these  investments  at current
levels  (down  approximately  90%  from  year  ago  levels)  and  have  recently
repurchased equity and debt in both companies.

Our research has shown that while wireless  subscriber  growth has begun to slow
(although it appears to have  stabilized  in early 2002),  the amount of minutes
used by  wireless  subscribers  is  continuing  to grow  rapidly  as users  take
advantage of free long distance and large anytime minute buckets  offered by the
wireless  operators.  In order to handle this increased  voice  traffic,  combat
churn from spotty service,  and offer advanced data  communications and wireless
internet  access later this year,  wireless  operators  are  continuing to spend
money to fill in and upgrade their  networks.  In fact, the capital  expenditure
budget in the wireless  industry for 2002 is currently  expected to be about $25
billion,   slightly  higher  than  last  year's  expenditures.   And,  the  only
significant way to  substantially  increase  network coverage and capacity is by
adding cell sites and next  generation  infrastructure  equipment  in the field,
both of which  translate into increased  revenue for the tower  operators.  This
thesis is supported by the  surprisingly  stable tower leasing  trends  recently
reported by AMT and SBA, as well as the anectdotal evidence that carrier capital
expenditure  plans are continuing to increase as subscriber levels stabilize and
the year progresses.

Moreover,  we have  concluded  that  neither  AMT nor SBA is facing a  liquidity
crisis, as some have feared. Both companies have substantially  curtailed future
capital investment plans to preserve liquidity,  and have focused on organically
maximizing the cash flow potential of their current portfolios. Based on our and
company projections, both companies are expected to turn free cash flow positive
during  2003  with  plenty of  capital  left  available  under  their  financing
arrangements.  Both  companies  should then  rapidly pay down debt as cash flows
continue to grow, causing leverage ratios to rapidly contract.  Importantly, the
capital restrictions  instituted at AMT and SBA have been replicated  throughout
the tower industry, which has had the added benefit of reducing the expansion of
the supply of towers in the field throughout the wireless industry.  This should
help  further  stabilize  lease  rates and the lease up of tenants  on  existing
structures as carriers continue to expand their networks.

Finally,  at current levels,  both AMT and SBA are trading below the replacement
cost for  their  towers,  with no value  allocated  to the  scarcity  value  and
construction  restrictions for these assets.  This has often historically been a
key valuation floor for other asset intensive industries.

SMARTFORCE

Our investment in e-learning  company  Smartforce has also been a disappointment
this year.  Following a first quarter  earnings miss and  substantially  lowered
guidance for the balance of the year, SMTF's stock has fallen  significantly and
is our worst  performing  investment  this year. Our mistake was a simple one --
our erroneous  belief that the  compelling  and  immediate  ROI that  Smartforce
offered its  customers  in shifting  corporate  learning and training to the web
would  override  the  significant  across the board  slowdown  that has hit tech
spending over the past several months.  The lesson that few, if any, portions of
discretionary spending

                                       23

<PAGE>
BARON IOPPORTUNITY FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

survive these contractions has been an expensive one.

Nevertheless,  we believe that our basic thesis that e-learning will continue to
take a greater  share of the $65  billion  primarily  instructor  led  corporate
training market is intact and we believe that  e-learning's  current 5% share of
that budget could easily grow to 40% in the next three or four years.  Why do we
remain  optimistic about the industry and the company in the face of SMTF's poor
financial  performance  and  contracting  share  price?  Quite  simply,  because
customers  remain  committed  to this  evolution  despite the  current  level of
activity.  Speaking  to  customers,  they tell us that  e-learning  will  almost
universally be more prevalent in their companies in the years to come than it is
today, as they understand the cost savings,  convenience,  and enhanced outcomes
e-learning  offers.  The  problem,  most  customers  report,  is in getting  any
spending  authorization from higher-up  decision makers executed.  This has been
compounded  (in the short  term) by the fact that  Smartforce's  solutions  have
become more comprehensive and bigger ticket for their customers. While it is our
conclusion that deals have not gone to the competition,  or been cancelled,  the
cycle time to get deals closed has substantially increased.

Still, Smartforce is without doubt the 400-pound gorilla of the industry. It has
the largest  installed  customer base with the broadest  content library and the
biggest and most powerful sales force. While the downturn has taken a harsh toll
on almost  all  e-learning  companies,  we think  that when the  economy  turns,
Smartforce will be one of the survivors and in an even stronger position to sell
its training solutions.

CONCLUSION

We hope that these  letters  continue to  highlight  some of the reasons for our
optimism about this Fund in the face of these continued  disappointing  results.
As noted above, we believe that we remain at the earliest stages of the dramatic
changes being  brought on by the internet and  information  technology.  Changes
that, we believe,  will impact all  industries.  And, we believe that the Fund's
diverse portfolio of terrific growth companies taking advantage of these changes
offers substantial upside from current, depressed valuations.

We know that you, our  investors,  are as frustrated as we are in our losses and
we are working  tirelessly to justify the trust you've placed in us by investing
in the  iOpportunity  Fund.  We  look  forward  to  more  rewarding  periods  of
performance in the future.

Sincerely,

/s/ Mitch Rubin
---------------
    Mitch Rubin
    Portfolio Manager
    May 20, 2002


<PAGE>


<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table I (Unaudited)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Portfolio Market Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Baron Asset Fund invests primarily in small and medium sized companies; Baron
Growth Fund and Baron Small Cap Fund invest primarily in small companies.
Table I ranks the Fund's investments by their current market capitalization
which often is greater than the market capitalization of the companies at the
time in which they were first purchased.


BARON ASSET FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                             EQUITY        % OF
                                                           MARKET CAP       NET
COMPANY                                                   (IN MILLIONS)   ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              Large Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Charles Schwab Corp. .................................       $17,943        6.3%

                              Medium Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zimmer Holdings, Inc. ................................       $ 6,605        0.2%
Apollo Group, Inc., Cl A .............................         6,183        6.7
Anthem, Inc. .........................................         5,952        0.4
Robert Half Intl., Inc. ..............................         5,167        6.7
Caremark Rx, Inc. ....................................         4,539        0.2
Weight Watchers Intl., Inc. ..........................         4,033        0.5
Dollar Tree Stores, Inc. .............................         3,699        3.4
ChoicePoint, Inc. ....................................         3,670        9.2
Neuberger Berman, Inc. ...............................         3,297        0.3
Hispanic Broadcasting Corp. ..........................         3,161        1.0
Polo Ralph Lauren Corp., Cl A ........................         2,858        6.5
Cox Radio, Inc., Cl A ................................         2,841        0.9
Trigon Healthcare, Inc., Cl A  .......................         2,642        0.8
                                                                           ----
                                                                           36.8%

                              Small Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
XTO Energy, Inc. .....................................       $ 2,484        0.5%
Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. .......................         2,454        0.5
Manor Care, Inc. .....................................         2,367        1.9
DeVry, Inc. ..........................................         2,103        4.1
Radio One, Inc. ......................................         2,051        0.6
OM Group, Inc.  ......................................         2,039        5.4
Harte-Hanks, Inc. ....................................         1,980        0.2
Four Seasons Hotels, Inc. ............................         1,844        0.3
Extended Stay America, Inc. ..........................         1,627        0.4
Ethan Allen Interiors, Inc. ..........................         1,474        2.1
Education Mgmt. Corp. ................................         1,466        2.6
Charles River Laboratories Intl., Inc. ...............         1,371        0.3
XM Satellite Radio Hldgs., Inc. ......................         1,221        0.4
Choice Hotels Intl., Inc. ............................           997        4.2
Seacor Smit, Inc. ....................................           988        2.5
Sotheby's Hldgs., Inc., Cl A .........................           986        9.9
Southern Union Co. ...................................           956        1.7
Sun Intl. Hotels, Ltd. ...............................           889        2.1
Industrie Natuzzi S.p.A., ADR ........................           848        0.6

                                                             EQUITY        % OF
                                                           MARKET CAP       NET
COMPANY                                                   (IN MILLIONS)   ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Small Capitalization  (Continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Vail Resorts, Inc. ...................................        $746          6.3%
Libbey, Inc. .........................................         591          3.3
Saga Comm., Inc., Cl A ...............................         414          2.9
Smart and Final, Inc. ................................         304          0.8
Alexander's, Inc. ....................................         302          0.7
DVI, Inc. ............................................         266          0.8
                                                                           ----
                                                                           55.1%

BARON GROWTH FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                             EQUITY        % OF
                                                           MARKET CAP       NET
COMPANY                                                   (IN MILLIONS)   ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Medium Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apollo Group, Inc., Cl A .............................       $6,183         1.6%
Robert Half Intl., Inc. ..............................        5,167         1.2
Weight Watchers Intl., Inc. ..........................        4,033         0.8
Dollar Tree Stores, Inc. .............................        3,699         1.6
ChoicePoint, Inc. ....................................        3,670         4.4
University of Phoenix Online .........................        3,394         3.2
BlackRock, Inc., Cl A ................................        2,887         1.6
Polo Ralph Lauren Corp., Cl A ........................        2,858         1.0
                                                                           ----
                                                                           15.4%

                              Small Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc., Cl A .................       $2,454         2.0%
Manor Care, Inc. .....................................        2,367         0.8
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. .........................        2,190         2.5
Community Health Systems, Inc. .......................        2,177         0.4
DeVry, Inc. ..........................................        2,103         0.8
Millipore Corp. ......................................        2,064         0.7
Radio One, Inc. ......................................        2,051         2.0
OM Group, Inc. .......................................        2,039         2.9
Catalina Marketing Corp. .............................        2,011         2.2
Harte-Hanks, Inc. ....................................        1,980         1.8
Four Seasons Hotels, Inc. ............................        1,844         0.2
Entravision Comm. Corp., Cl A ........................        1,771         0.2


                                       25
<PAGE>

BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BARON GROWTH FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                             EQUITY        % OF
                                                           MARKET CAP       NET
COMPANY                                                   (IN MILLIONS)   ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Small Capitalization  (Continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mediacom Comm. Corp., Cl A ...........................       $1,680         0.3%
Extended Stay America, Inc. ..........................        1,627         2.9
Getty Images, Inc. ...................................        1,560         1.0
Ethan Allen Interiors, Inc. ..........................        1,474         2.5
Education Mgmt. Corp. ................................        1,466         1.3
Fair, Isaac and Co., Inc. ............................        1,466         1.7
Chico's FAS, Inc. ....................................        1,383         2.5
Charles River Laboratories Intl., Inc. ...............        1,371         1.9
CheckFree Corp. ......................................        1,340         0.2
Jefferies Group, Inc. ................................        1,298         2.0
Linens `n Things, Inc. ...............................        1,241         1.2
LNR Property Corp. ...................................        1,210         0.5
Gabelli Asset Mgmt., Inc., Cl A ......................        1,191         1.3
Intrawest Corp. ......................................        1,087         1.0
Kinder Morgan Management, L.L.C. .....................        1,031         0.4
Province Healthcare Co. ..............................        1,007         1.1
Choice Hotels Intl., Inc. ............................          997         2.1
Seacor Smit, Inc. ....................................          988         1.6
Arbitron, Inc. .......................................          986         0.8
Sotheby's Hldgs., Inc., Cl A .........................          986         0.6
Southern Union Co. ...................................          956         2.6
Boyd Gaming Corp. ....................................          949         0.3
Kronos, Inc. .........................................          932         1.2
PRG-Schultz Intl., Inc. ..............................          894         1.2
Sun Intl. Hotels, Ltd. ...............................          889         2.9
Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc., Cl A ..........          878         0.2
Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc., Cl A...............          876         0.6
Cross Country, Inc. ..................................          869         1.3
Industrie Natuzzi S.p.A., ADR ........................          848         0.6
Ralcorp Hldgs., Inc. .................................          814         0.3
Vail Resorts, Inc. ...................................          746         1.9
Anteon Intl., Corp. ..................................          699         1.0
Symyx Technologies, Inc. .............................          634         0.8
Information Holdings, Inc. ...........................          627         0.8
Cell Genesys, Inc. ...................................          604         0.5
Mykrolis Corp. .......................................          604         0.2
SmartForce PLC, ADR ..................................          598         0.9
Libbey, Inc. .........................................          591         1.1
United Surgical Partners Intl., Inc. .................          561         1.4
AmSurg Corp. .........................................          546         0.7
Chiles Offshore, Inc. ................................          466         0.8
California Pizza Kitchen, Inc. .......................          463         1.3
Saga Comm., Inc., Cl A ...............................          414         1.7
Odyssey Healthcare, Inc. .............................          410         0.1
Heidrick & Struggles Intl., Inc. .....................          375         0.4
Smart and Final, Inc. ................................          304         1.0

                                                             EQUITY        % OF
                                                           MARKET CAP       NET
COMPANY                                                   (IN MILLIONS)   ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Small Capitalization  (Continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alexander's, Inc. ....................................        $302          0.4%
DVI, Inc. ............................................         266          0.7
Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ..........................         161          0.3
Medallion Financial Corp. ............................         142          0.1
                                                                           ----
                                                                           70.7%


BARON SMALL CAP FUND
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                             EQUITY        % OF
                                                           MARKET CAP       NET
COMPANY                                                   (IN MILLIONS)   ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Medium Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apollo Group, Inc., Cl A .............................       $6,183         2.2%
Ticketmaster .........................................        4,214         2.0
Westwood One, Inc. ...................................        4,104         2.0
Weight Watchers Intl., Inc. ..........................        4,033         1.9
Dollar Tree Stores, Inc. .............................        3,699         2.0
ChoicePoint, Inc. ....................................        3,670         4.0
University of Phoenix Online .........................        3,394         0.5
Iron Mountain, Inc. ..................................        2,677         3.4
99 Cents Only Stores .................................        2,673         0.4
                                                                           ----
                                                                           18.4%

                              Small Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Viad Corp. ...........................................       $2,494         2.1%
Adolph Coors Co. .....................................        2,437         0.2
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. .........................        2,190         1.5
Community Health Systems, Inc. .......................        2,177         1.9
DaVita, Inc. .........................................        2,140         1.9
Millipore Corp. ......................................        2,064         0.7
Radio One, Inc. ......................................        2,051         3.9
Catalina Marketing Corp. .............................        2,011         1.6
Four Seasons Hotels, Inc. ............................        1,844         1.0
Cheesecake Factory, Inc. .............................        1,789         0.2
Career Education Corp. ...............................        1,781         7.4
Entravision Comm. Corp., Cl A ........................        1,771         0.3
Interactive Data Corp. ...............................        1,573         1.9
Fair, Isaac and Co., Inc. ............................        1,466         0.6
Moore Corp., Ltd. ....................................        1,456         0.5
Six Flags, Inc. ......................................        1,430         1.9
Charles River Laboratories Intl., Inc. ...............        1,371         1.3
Corporate Executive Board Co. ........................        1,309         1.1
LNR Property Corp. ...................................        1,210         1.4
Gabelli Asset Mgmt., Inc., Cl A ......................        1,191         1.5
AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. ........................        1,097         0.6
Province Healthcare Co. ..............................        1,007         2.2
Waste Connections, Inc. ..............................          920         0.6
Sun Intl. Hotels, Ltd. ...............................          889         1.1
Ventas, Inc. .........................................          871         1.2


                                       26
<PAGE>

BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


BARON SMALL CAP FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                             EQUITY        % OF
                                                           MARKET CAP       NET
COMPANY                                                   (IN MILLIONS)   ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Small Capitalization  (Continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cross Country, Inc. ..................................        $869          2.4%
Ameristar Casinos, Inc. ..............................         714          0.9
Anteon Intl., Corp. ..................................         699          1.2
Hot Topic, Inc. ......................................         657          1.6
Gentiva Health Services, Inc. ........................         643          1.1
Information Holdings, Inc. ...........................         627          2.4
Resources Connection, Inc. ...........................         623          1.9
FTI Consulting, Inc. .................................         619          0.9
Genesco, Inc. ........................................         606          1.0
Mykrolis Corp. .......................................         604          0.3
Viasys Healthcare, Inc. ..............................         585          2.1
United Surgical Partners Intl., Inc. .................         561          3.8
AmSurg Corp. .........................................         546          0.4
California Pizza Kitchen, Inc. .......................         463          1.9
MTR Gaming Group, Inc. ...............................         416          1.5
Kenneth Cole Productions, Inc., Cl A .................         394          1.0
Actuant Corp. ........................................         350          0.7
Restoration Hardware, Inc. ...........................         336          2.6
AMC Entertainment, Inc. ..............................         320          2.2
Premiere Technologies, Inc. ..........................         269          0.1
DVI, Inc. ............................................         266          0.6
Mosaic Group, Inc. ...................................         264          0.4
Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. ..........................         261          0.2
Genesys S.A. ADR .....................................         247          0.4
Penton Media, Inc.  ..................................         241          1.7
Liberty Livewire Corp. ...............................         230          0.2
Championship Auto Racing Teams, Inc. .................         208          0.3
Stelmar Shipping, Ltd. ...............................         199          0.3
Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc. ..................         159          0.5
ResortQuest Intl., Inc. ..............................         140          0.7
Mikohn Gaming Corp. ..................................          71          0.3
Equity Marketing, Inc. ...............................          70          0.8
The Sports Club Co., Inc. ............................          47          0.2
                                                                           ----
                                                                           75.2%


BARON IOPPORTUNITY FUND
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                             EQUITY        % OF
                                                           MARKET CAP       NET
COMPANY                                                   (IN MILLIONS)   ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Large Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Intel Corp. ..........................................      $203,838        1.3%
AOL Time Warner, Inc. ................................       105,056        2.5
Nokia Corp., ADR .....................................        97,811        1.1
Dell Computer Corp. ..................................        68,069        2.5

                                                             EQUITY        % OF
                                                           MARKET CAP       NET
COMPANY                                                   (IN MILLIONS)   ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Large Capitalization  (Continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Comcast Corp., Cl A ..................................       $30,058        1.7%
Accenture Ltd., Cl A .................................        24,989        3.7
Charles Schwab Corp. .................................        17,943        2.5
Veritas Software Corp. ...............................        17,570        0.7
eBay, Inc. ...........................................        15,829        1.8
USA Networks, Inc. ...................................        12,824        2.2
                                                                           ----
                                                                           20.0%

                              Medium Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Flextronics Intl., Ltd. ..............................       $ 9,337        2.7%
Electronic Arts, Inc. ................................         8,387        1.3
Intuit, Inc. .........................................         8,159        1.6
Check Point Software Tech., Ltd. .....................         7,382        1.3
Gemstar TV Guide Int'l., Inc. ........................         6,181        0.8
Celestica, Inc. ......................................         5,958        1.9
BEA Systems, Inc. ....................................         5,557        0.4
VeriSign, Inc. .......................................         5,487        1.7
Amazon.com, Inc. .....................................         5,364        1.4
Ticketmaster .........................................         4,214        5.5
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. ............................         4,001        1.3
Expedia, Inc., Cl A ..................................         3,853        5.2
TMP Worldwide, Inc. ..................................         3,836        2.9
ChoicePoint, Inc. ....................................         3,670        2.2
University of Phoenix Online .........................         3,394        3.1
Hotel Reservations Network, Inc., Cl A ...............         3,389        7.2
                                                                           ----
                                                                           40.5%

                              Small Capitalization
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Research in Motion Ltd. ..............................       $ 1,980        0.5%
Mediacom Comm. Corp. .................................         1,680        2.2
Overture Services, Inc. ..............................         1,610        4.9
Getty Images, Inc. ...................................         1,560        2.9
CheckFree Corp. ......................................         1,340        0.7
XM Satellite Radio Hldgs., Inc. ......................         1,221        0.9
priceline.com, Inc. ..................................         1,200        1.5
Sotheby's Hldgs., Inc., Cl A .........................           986        2.3
FreeMarkets, Inc. ....................................           945        2.5
1-800-FLOWERS.COM ....................................           884        1.2
CNET Networks, Inc. ..................................           760        0.9
Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. ..................           741        0.3
Precise Software Solutions, Ltd. .....................           663        0.8
Global Sports, Inc. ..................................           651        0.4
SmartForce PLC ADR ...................................           598        1.8
SkillSoft Corp. ......................................           401        1.2
CoStar Group, Inc. ...................................           358        1.2
drugstore.com, Inc. ..................................           168        0.9
SBA Comm. Corp., Cl A ................................           163        1.2
Bottomline Technologies (de), Inc. ...................           134        0.3
Dice, Inc. ...........................................            27        0.2
                                                                           ----
                                                                           28.8%


                                       27
<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TABLE II (UNAUDITED)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PORTFOLIO RISK CHARACTERISTICS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Funds are diversified not only by industry, but also by external risk
factors that might impact the companies in which the Funds invest. Table II
displays some of the risk factors that are currently monitored and the
percentage of each portfolio considered exposed to these factors. The Funds
use this tool to avoid concentration of risk within the portfolios.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                BARON
                                                                                          BARON       BARON     SMALL       BARON
                                                                                          ASSET      GROWTH      CAP    IOPPORTUNITY
                                                                                          FUND        FUND       FUND       FUND
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         % OF         % OF       % OF       % OF
                                                                                       PORTFOLIO   PORTFOLIO  PORTFOLIO  PORTFOLIO
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                     <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>
Leverage (Debt > 40% of Market Cap).................................................      12.5%       18.2%     17.6%       7.14%
Foreign Sales Dependent
  (Sales > 15%) ....................................................................      21.7        16.2      11.2        33.7
Oil Price Sensitivity...............................................................      17.0        16.1       2.4        12.4
Volatility (Beta > 1.2).............................................................      11.7        11.0      12.7        70.0
NASDAQ Securities...................................................................      12.8        30.8      38.6        71.6
Unseasoned Securities
  (Publicly owned
  for < 3 years)....................................................................       2.5        20.9      23.2        34.8
 (Publicly owned
  for < 1 year).....................................................................       1.0         5.3       7.6         3.7
Turnarounds.........................................................................       0.0         0.0       7.0         0.0
Development Companies...............................................................       0.0         0.5       4.3         3.1
</TABLE>


TABLE III (UNAUDITED)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

AVERAGE ANNUAL RETURNS AS OF MARCH 31, 2002
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BARON ASSET FUND

One year                                                                   14.2%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Two years                                                                  -6.9%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Three years                                                                 1.2%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Four years                                                                  1.2%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Five years                                                                 10.0%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ten years                                                                  13.8%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Since inception June 12, 1987                                              14.4%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


BARON GROWTH FUND

One year                                                                   27.7%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Two years                                                                   5.3%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Three years                                                                14.8%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Four years                                                                 10.4%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Five years                                                                 16.9%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Since inception January 3, 1995                                            21.7%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


BARON SMALL CAP FUND

One year                                                                   25.7%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Two years                                                                  -2.3%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Three years                                                                12.7%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Four years                                                                  9.5%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Since inception October 1, 1997                                            12.6%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


BARON IOPPORTUNITY FUND

One year                                                                   14.9%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Two years                                                                 -25.2%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Since inception February 29, 2000                                         -24.9%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


The performance data represents past performance. Investment returns and
principal value will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed,
may be worth more or less than their cost. For more complete information about
Baron Funds, including charges and expenses, call or write for a prospectus.
Read it carefully before you invest or send money. This report is not
authorized for use as an offer of sale or a solicitation of an offer to buy
shares of Baron Funds unless accompanied or preceded by the Funds' current
prospectus.


                                       28
<PAGE>
BARON ASSET FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
March 31, 2002 (Unaudited)

     Shares                                           Cost          Value
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMON STOCKS (98.47%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              BUSINESS SERVICES (15.99%)
  5,000,000   ChoicePoint, Inc.*#                 $ 84,146,448  $288,000,000
    160,000   Harte-Hanks, Inc.                      3,932,858     5,062,400
  7,075,000   Robert Half Intl., Inc.*              57,341,406   208,854,000
                                                  ------------  ------------
                                                   145,420,712   501,916,400
              CHEMICAL (5.41%)
  2,350,000   OM Group, Inc.#                       70,783,270   169,905,000
              Consumer Services (10.42%)
 19,300,000   Sotheby's Hldgs., Inc., Cl A#        406,329,629   309,765,000
    450,000   Weight Watchers Intl., Inc.*          12,258,095    17,217,000
                                                  ------------  ------------
                                                   418,587,724   326,982,000
              EDUCATION (13.33%)
  3,900,000   Apollo Group, Inc., Cl A*             61,679,317   208,845,000
  4,300,000   DeVry, Inc.*#                         37,875,836   129,559,000
  1,900,000   Education Mgmt. Corp.*#               19,010,418    80,123,000
                                                  ------------  ------------
                                                   118,565,571   418,527,000
              ENERGY (2.99%)
  1,575,000   Seacor Smit, Inc.*#                   49,023,645    77,175,000
    825,000   XTO Energy, Inc.                      11,850,114    16,541,250
                                                  ------------  ------------
                                                    60,873,759    93,716,250
              FINANCIAL (7.90%)
 15,125,000   Charles Schwab Corp.                  43,379,861   197,986,250
  1,378,600   DVI, Inc.*#                           17,466,410    25,366,240
    200,000   Neuberger Berman, Inc.                 8,542,592     9,370,000
    500,000   Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc.        14,382,350    15,240,000
                                                  ------------  ------------
                                                    83,771,213   247,962,490
              HEALTH SERVICES (3.80%)
     25,000   Alcon, Inc.*                             825,000       846,250
    220,000   Anthem, Inc.*                         10,023,625    12,665,400
    270,000   Caremark Rx, Inc.*                     4,158,521     5,265,000
    265,000   Charles River Laboratories
                Intl., Inc.*                         8,102,333     8,215,000
  2,600,000   Manor Care, Inc.*                     55,568,388    60,580,000
    335,000   Trigon Healthcare, Inc., Cl A *       21,914,741    24,729,700
    200,000   Zimmer Holdings, Inc.*                 6,087,903     6,810,000
                                                  ------------  ------------
                                                   106,680,511   119,111,350
              HOTELS AND LODGING (4.98%)
  5,500,000   Choice Hotels Intl., Inc.*#           65,045,383   132,715,000
    750,000   Extended Stay America, Inc.*          10,764,425    13,050,000
    200,000   Four Seasons Hotels, Inc.              4,784,165    10,656,000
                                                  ------------  ------------
                                                    80,593,973   156,421,000
              MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT (5.44%)
  1,000,000   Cox Radio, Inc., Cl A*                 6,352,271    28,400,000
  1,120,000   Hispanic Broadcasting Corp.*           7,413,491    32,614,400
    290,000   Radio One, Inc., Cl A*                 2,373,395     6,310,400
    550,000   Radio One, Inc., Cl D*                 3,759,045    11,330,000
  3,659,999   Saga Comm., Inc., Cl A*#              30,830,634    92,231,975
                                                  ------------  ------------
                                                    50,728,836   170,886,775
              REAL ESTATE AND REITs (0.67%)
    350,000   Alexander's, Inc.*#                   23,725,831    21,157,500
              Recreation and Resorts (9.07%)
  2,400,000   Sun Intl. Hotels, Ltd.*#              77,808,281    65,304,000
  9,350,000   Vail Resorts, Inc.*#                 226,319,714   198,500,500
      7,692   Valvino Lamore, LLC@                  20,800,000    20,800,000
                                                  ------------  ------------
                                                   324,927,995   284,604,500


       Shares                                       Cost           Value
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                RETAIL TRADE AND RESTAURANTS (12.92%)
    3,300,000   Dollar Tree Stores, Inc.*      $  27,923,106    $ 108,273,000
    1,750,000   Ethan Allen Interiors, Inc.       50,096,693       66,605,000
    7,000,000   Polo Ralph Lauren Corp.,
                 Cl A*                           169,754,459      204,260,000
    2,560,000   Smart and Final, Inc.*#           34,413,436       26,470,400
                                               -------------    -------------
                                                 282,187,694      405,608,400
                UTILITY SERVICES (1.68%)
    2,881,900   Southern Union Co.*#              46,041,282       52,796,408
                Wholesale Trade (3.87%)
    1,240,000   Industrie Natuzzi S.p.A.,
                ADR                               19,953,752       18,290,000
    2,675,000   Libbey, Inc.#                     91,514,355      103,041,000
                                               -------------    -------------
                                                 111,468,107      121,331,000
                                               -------------    -------------
TOTAL COMMON STOCKS
                                               1,924,356,478    3,090,926,073
                                               -------------    -------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCKS (0.73%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                EDUCATION (0.05%)
       78,948   Apollo International, Inc.
                S-A CV Pfd.*@                      1,500,012        1,500,012
                HEALTH SERVICES (0.29%)
        5,753   Somerford Corp. S-A Conv.
                 Pfd.* @                           9,000,000        9,000,051
                MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT (0.39%)
       18,483   XM Satellite Radio Hldgs.,
                Inc.
                 8.25% Series C Conv. Pfd
                 due 2012@                        20,990,527       12,287,498
                                               -------------    -------------
TOTAL CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCKS                31,490,539       22,787,561
                                               -------------    -------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WARRANTS (0.06%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                REAL ESTATE AND REITs
    2,127,660   Corrections Corporation of
                 America Warrants
                 Exp 09/29/2005*@                          0        1,842,553
                                               -------------    -------------

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CORPORATE BONDS (0.10%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                HEALTH SERVICES
$   3,000,000   Somerford Corp. 8.50% Sub.
                 Conv. Deb. due
                 04/23/2006@                       3,000,000        3,000,000
                                               -------------    -------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SHORT TERM MONEY MARKET INSTRUMENTS (0.79%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  24,900,000   Exxon Asset Management Co.
                 1.45% due 04/01/2002             24,900,000       24,900,000
                                              --------------   --------------
TOTAL INVESTMENTS (100.15%)                   $1,983,747,017**  3,143,456,187
                                              ==============
LIABILITIES LESS CASH AND
 OTHER ASSETS (-0.15%)                                             (4,560,227)
                                                               --------------
NET ASSETS (EQUIVALENT TO $47.14 PER
 SHARE BASED ON 66,593,538 SHARES OF
 BENEFICIAL INTEREST OUTSTANDING)                              $3,138,895,960
                                                               ==============

---------------
%   Represents percentage of net assets
@   Restricted securities
#   Issuers that may be deemed to be "affiliated"
*   Non-income producing securities
**  For Federal income tax purposes the cost basis is $1,983,946,621. Aggregate
    unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments are $1,327,941,282
    and $168,431,716, respectively.


                       See Notes to Financial Statements.

                                       29
<PAGE>
BARON GROWTH FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
March 31, 2002 (Unaudited)

     Shares                                             Cost        Value
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMON STOCKS (86.06%)

              BUSINESS SERVICES (14.54%)
    580,000   Catalina Marketing Corp.*             $19,862,839  $21,170,000
    125,000   CheckFree Corp.*                        1,816,778    1,916,250
    730,000   ChoicePoint, Inc.*                     14,341,246   42,048,000
    260,000   Fair, Isaac and Co., Inc.              14,888,171   16,481,400
    550,000   Harte-Hanks, Inc.                      14,354,427   17,402,000
    180,000   Heidrick & Struggles Intl., Inc.*       3,510,367    3,744,000
    250,000   Kronos, Inc.*                           4,864,062   11,745,000
    825,000   PRG-Schultz Intl., Inc.*               10,076,763   11,591,250
    400,000   Robert Half Intl., Inc.*                2,665,467   11,808,000
                                                    -----------  -----------
                                                     86,380,120  137,905,900
              CABLE (0.29%)
    200,000   Mediacom Comm. Corp., Cl A *            3,045,771    2,802,000
              Chemical (4.63%)
    160,000   Millipore Corp.                         8,272,307    7,078,400
    108,290   Mykrolis Corp.*                           957,350    1,655,754
    380,000   OM Group, Inc.                         13,103,264   27,474,000
    370,600   Symyx Technologies, Inc.*               8,163,235    7,652,890
                                                    -----------  -----------
                                                     30,496,156   43,861,044
              CONSUMER SERVICES (1.42%)
    360,000   Sotheby's Hldgs., Inc., Cl A            8,449,769    5,778,000
    200,000   Weight Watchers Intl., Inc.*            5,882,958    7,652,000
                                                    -----------  -----------
                                                     14,332,727   13,430,000
              EDUCATION (7.78%)
    290,000   Apollo Group, Inc., Cl A*               4,090,553   15,529,500
    260,000   DeVry, Inc.*                            2,323,166    7,833,800
    280,000   Education Mgmt. Corp.*                  2,636,453   11,807,600
    775,000   SmartForce PLC, ADR*                   15,298,167    8,137,500
    729,000   University of Phoenix Online*          17,587,295   30,501,360
                                                    -----------  -----------
                                                     41,935,634   73,809,760
              ENERGY SERVICES (2.83%)
    344,000   Chiles Offshore, Inc.*                  6,405,067    7,912,000
    125,000   Kinder Morgan Management, L.L.C.*       3,838,016    4,207,500
    300,000   Seacor Smit, Inc.*                     11,068,627   14,700,000
                                                    -----------  -----------
                                                     21,311,710   26,819,500
              FINANCIAL (7.74%)
     93,333   Bingham Financial Services Corp.*@      1,399,995       63,840
    350,000   BlackRock, Inc., Cl A*                  7,036,572   15,610,000
    364,800   DVI, Inc.*                              5,100,020    6,712,320
    299,000   Gabelli Asset Mgmt., Inc., Cl A*        4,438,566   11,870,300
    400,000   Jefferies Group, Inc.                  16,716,054   19,280,000
    100,000   Medallion Financial Corp.               1,096,000      777,000
    625,000   Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc., Cl A   19,249,594   19,050,000
                                                    -----------  -----------
                                                     55,036,801   73,363,460
              FOOD AND AGRICULTURE (0.29%)
    100,000   Ralcorp Hldgs., Inc.*                   1,727,735    2,720,000
              GOVERNMENT SERVICES (1.01%)
    460,000   Anteon Intl., Corp.*                    9,331,198    9,568,000
              HEALTH SERVICES (8.36%)
    235,000   AmSurg Corp.                            5,575,231    6,394,350
    250,000   Cell Genesys, Inc.*                     5,243,512    4,237,500
    570,000   Charles River Laboratories Intl.,
              Inc.*                                  17,079,194   17,670,000
    175,000   Community Health Systems, Inc.*         4,047,208    3,869,250
    450,000   Cross Country, Inc.*                   12,102,725   12,150,000
    320,000   Manor Care, Inc.*                       4,631,326    7,456,000
     30,000   Odyssey Healthcare, Inc.*                 801,300      801,300
    340,000   Province Healthcare Co.*                9,898,664   10,801,800
    732,500   Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.*            5,128,653    2,600,375
    575,000   United Surgical Partners Intl.,
              Inc.*                                  11,169,552   13,340,000
                                                    -----------  -----------
                                                     75,677,365   79,320,575
              HOTELS AND LODGING (5.26%)
    825,000   Choice Hotels Intl., Inc.*              9,664,735   19,907,250
  1,600,000   Extended Stay America, Inc.*           19,953,459   27,840,000
     40,000   Four Seasons Hotels, Inc.               1,542,900    2,131,200
                                                    -----------  -----------
                                                     31,161,094   49,878,450


     Shares                                           Cost          Value
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

              MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT (4.47%)
    139,400   Entravision Comm. Corp., Cl A*       $  1,208,862   $  2,063,120
    275,000   Radio One, Inc., Cl A*                  2,801,501      5,984,000
    645,000   Radio One, Inc., Cl D*                  6,688,858     13,287,000
    620,200   Saga Comm., Inc., Cl A*                 6,930,347     15,629,040
    400,000   Spanish Broadcasting System,
                Inc., Cl A*                           2,134,259      5,420,000
                                                   ------------   ------------
                                                     19,763,827     42,383,160
              PRINTING AND PUBLISHING (2.78%)
    225,000   Arbitron, Inc.*                         7,465,568      7,605,000
    320,000   Getty Images, Inc.*                     6,723,207      9,587,200
    260,000   Information Holdings, Inc.*             6,995,846      7,488,000
     95,500   Martha Stewart Living
                Omnimedia, Inc., Cl A*                1,457,278      1,709,450
                                                   ------------   ------------
                                                     22,641,899     26,389,650
              REAL ESTATE AND REITs (0.86%)
     60,000   Alexander's, Inc.*                      4,501,290      3,627,000
    130,000   LNR Property Corp.                      4,447,281      4,559,100
                                                   ------------   ------------
                                                      8,948,571      8,186,100
              RECREATION AND RESORTS (6.01%)
    175,000   Boyd Gaming Corp.*                      1,213,813      2,632,000
    530,000   Intrawest Corp.                         9,122,859      9,577,100
  1,000,000   Sun Intl. Hotels, Ltd.*                24,687,434     27,210,000
    825,600   Vail Resorts, Inc.*                    15,160,590     17,527,488
                                                   ------------   ------------
                                                     50,184,696     56,946,588
              RETAIL TRADE AND RESTAURANTS (13.47%)
    500,000   California Pizza Kitchen, Inc.*        11,188,810     12,505,000
    690,000   Chico's FAS, Inc.*                     14,954,723     23,253,000
    460,000   Dollar Tree Stores, Inc.*               5,151,828     15,092,600
    610,000   Ethan Allen Interiors, Inc.            16,035,441     23,216,600
    575,000   Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.*          12,613,134     23,488,750
    360,000   Linens 'n Things, Inc.*                10,553,169     10,990,800
    340,000   Polo Ralph Lauren Corp., Cl A*          7,136,041      9,921,200
    900,000   Smart and Final, Inc.*                  8,228,516      9,306,000
                                                   ------------   ------------
                                                     85,861,662    127,773,950
              UTILITY SERVICES (2.61%)
  1,349,599   Southern Union Co.*                    19,642,891     24,724,654
              WHOLESALE TRADE (1.71%)
    380,000   Industrie Natuzzi S.p.A., ADR           6,797,046      5,605,000
    275,000   Libbey, Inc.                            7,955,207     10,593,000
                                                   ------------   ------------
                                                     14,752,253     16,198,000
                                                   ------------   ------------
TOTAL COMMON STOCKS                                 592,232,110    816,080,791
                                                   ------------   ------------

Principal Amount
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SHORT TERM MONEY MARKET INSTRUMENTS (15.83%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ 150,135,999   Exxon Asset Management Co.
                 1.45% due 04/01/2002               150,135,999    150,135,999
                                                   ------------   ------------
TOTAL INVESTMENTS (101.89%)                        $742,368,109**  966,216,790
                                                   ============
LIABILITIES LESS
 CASH AND OTHER ASSETS (-1.89%)                                    (17,971,098)
                                                                  ------------
NET ASSETS (EQUIVALENT TO $32.06 PER SHARE
 BASED ON 29,576,612 SHARES OF BENEFICIAL
 INTEREST OUTSTANDING)                                            $948,245,692
                                                                  ============

---------------
%   Represents percentage of net assets
@   Restricted security
*   Non-income producing securities
**  For Federal income tax purposes the cost basis is $744,109,282. Aggregate
    unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments are $244,232,245
    and $22,124,737, respectively.



                       See Notes to Financial Statements.

                                       30
<PAGE>
BARON SMALL CAP FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
March 31, 2002 (Unaudited)

       Shares                                                      Value
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMON STOCKS (92.42%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 BUSINESS SERVICES (15.90%)
      128,300    Actuant Corp.*                                 $  5,536,145
      350,000    Catalina Marketing Corp.*                        12,775,000
      550,000    ChoicePoint, Inc.*                               31,680,000
      225,000    Corporate Executive Board Co.*                    8,439,975
       75,000    Fair, Isaac and Co., Inc.                         4,754,250
      225,000    FTI Consulting, Inc.*                             6,970,500
      855,000    Interactive Data Corp.                           15,005,250
      850,000    Iron Mountain, Inc.*                             26,962,000
      525,000    Resources Connection, Inc.*                      15,188,250
                                                                ------------
                                                                 127,311,370
                 CHEMICAL (0.98%)
      125,000    Millipore Corp.                                   5,530,000
      149,999    Mykrolis Corp.*                                   2,293,454
                                                                ------------
                                                                   7,823,454
                 COMMUNICATIONS (1.02%)
      500,000    Genesys S.A., ADR*                                3,210,000
      250,000    Liberty Livewire Corp.*                           1,445,000
    1,500,000    Mosaic Group, Inc.*                               3,540,000
                                                                ------------
                                                                   8,195,000
                 CONSUMER PRODUCTS (0.77%)
      500,000    Equity Marketing, Inc.*#                          6,150,000
                 CONSUMER SERVICES (1.91%)
      400,000    Weight Watchers Intl., Inc.*                     15,304,000
                 EDUCATION (10.12%)
      325,000    Apollo Group, Inc., Cl A*                        17,403,750
    1,500,000    Career Education Corp.*                          59,400,000
      100,000    University of Phoenix Online*                     4,184,000
                                                                ------------
                                                                  80,987,750
                 ENERGY SERVICES (0.26%)
      125,000    Stelmar Shipping, Ltd.*                           2,090,000
                 ENVIRONMENTAL (0.63%)
      150,000    Waste Connections, Inc.*                          5,026,500
                 FINANCIAL (2.12%)
      278,100    DVI, Inc.*                                        5,117,040
      299,000    Gabelli Asset Mgmt., Inc., Cl A*                 11,870,300
                                                                ------------
                                                                  16,987,340
                 FOOD AND AGRICULTURE (0.21%)
       25,000    Adolph Coors Co.                                  1,686,750
                 GOVERNMENT SERVICES (1.17%)
      450,000    Anteon Intl., Corp.*                              9,360,000
                 HEALTH SERVICES (16.08%)
      175,000    AMN Healthcare Services, Inc.*                    4,707,500
      125,000    AmSurg Corp.                                      3,401,250
      343,000    Charles River Laboratories Intl., Inc.*          10,633,000
      700,000    Community Health Systems, Inc.*                  15,477,000
      724,900    Cross Country, Inc.*                             19,572,300
      600,000    DaVita, Inc.*                                    15,180,000
      342,500    Gentiva Health Services, Inc.*                    8,480,300
      100,000    Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc.*              3,617,000
      550,000    Province Healthcare Co.*                         17,473,500
    1,300,000    United Surgical Partners Intl., Inc.*#           30,160,000
                                                                ------------
                                                                 128,701,850
                 HOTELS AND LODGING (1.70%)
      150,000    Four Seasons Hotels, Inc.                         7,992,000
      775,000    ResortQuest Intl., Inc.*                          5,657,500
                                                                ------------
                                                                  13,649,500
                 INDUSTRIAL SERVICES (2.10%)
      600,000    Viad Corp.                                       16,800,000
                 MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT (10.44%)
    1,300,000    AMC Entertainment, Inc.*                         17,732,000
      160,000    Entravision Comm. Corp., Cl A*                    2,368,000
    1,500,000    Radio One, Inc., Cl D*                           30,900,000
      550,000    Ticketmaster*                                    16,269,000
      425,000    Westwood One, Inc.*                              16,298,750
                                                                ------------
                                                                  83,567,750
                 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT (2.11%)
      750,000    Viasys Healthcare, Inc.*                         16,867,500


       Shares                                                      Value
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 PRINTING AND PUBLISHING (3.75%)
      665,300    Information Holdings, Inc.*                   $  19,160,640
      300,000    Moore Corp., Ltd.                                 3,903,000
      925,000    Penton Media, Inc.                                6,983,750
                                                                ------------
                                                                  30,047,390
                 REAL ESTATE AND REITs (2.61%)
      325,000    LNR Property Corp.                               11,397,750
      750,000    Ventas, Inc.                                      9,487,500
                                                                ------------
                                                                  20,885,250
                 RECREATION AND RESORTS (6.23%)
      248,700    Ameristar Casinos, Inc.*                          6,834,276
      200,000    Championship Auto Racing Teams, Inc.*             2,822,000
      500,000    Mikohn Gaming Corp.*                              2,795,000
      800,000    MTR Gaming Group, Inc.*                          12,344,000
      850,000    Six Flags, Inc.*                                 15,181,000
      315,000    Sun Intl. Hotels, Ltd.*                           8,571,150
      500,000    The Sports Club Co., Inc.*                        1,300,000
                                                                ------------
                                                                  49,847,426
                 RETAIL TRADE AND RESTAURANTS (12.31%)
       75,000    99 Cents Only Stores                              2,875,500
      600,000    California Pizza Kitchen, Inc.*                  15,006,000
       50,000    Cheesecake Factory, Inc.*                         1,845,000
      500,000    Dollar Tree Stores, Inc.*                        16,405,000
      300,000    Genesco, Inc.*                                    8,271,000
      625,000    Hot Topic, Inc.*                                 13,062,500
      400,000    Kenneth Cole Productions, Inc., Cl A*             8,028,000
      300,000    Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.*                    12,255,000
      700,000    Restoration Hardware, Inc.*@#                     8,312,500
    1,000,000    Restoration Hardware, Inc.*#                     12,500,000
                                                                ------------
                                                                  98,560,500
TOTAL COMMON STOCKS
 (Cost $487,892,767)                                             739,849,330
                                                                ------------


Principal Amount
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CORPORATE BONDS (1.18%)

                 BUSINESS SERVICES (0.24%)
$ 3,000,000      Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. 5.00% Sub.
                   NT due 06/15/2006                               1,905,000
                 COMMUNICATIONS (0.10%)
    986,000      Premiere Technologies, Inc. 5.75% Sub.
                   NT Conv. due 07/01/2004                           818,380
                 HEALTH SERVICES (0.04%)
  3,250,000      U.S. Diagnostic, Inc. 9.00% Conv. Sub. Deb.
                 due 03/31/2003*                                     300,000
                 PRINTING AND PUBLISHING (0.80%)
  8,000,000      Penton Media, Inc. 10.375% Sr. Sub. NT
                 due 06/15/2011                                    6,400,000
                                                                 -----------
TOTAL CORPORATE BONDS
 (COST $10,314,255)                                                9,423,380
                                                                 -----------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SHORT TERM MONEY MARKET INSTRUMENTS (5.73%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 Exxon Asset Management Corp. 1.45%
  45,841,999     due 04/01/2002 (Cost $45,841,999)                45,841,999
                                                                ------------
TOTAL INVESTMENTS (99.33%)
 (COST $544,049,021**)                                           795,114,709
CASH AND OTHER ASSETS
 LESS LIABILITIES (0.67%)                                          5,383,117
                                                                ------------
NET ASSETS (EQUIVALENT TO $16.58 PER
 SHARE BASED ON 48,269,040 SHARES
 OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST OUTSTANDING)                            $800,497,826
                                                                ============

---------------
%   Represents percentage of net assets
@   Restricted security
#   Issuers that may be deemed to be "affiliated"
*   Non-income producing securities
**  For Federal income tax purposes the cost basis is $545,700,130. Aggregate
    unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments are $265,256,850
    and $15,842,271, respectively.


                       See Notes to Financial Statements.

                                       31
<PAGE>
BARON iOPPORTUNITY FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
March 31, 2002 (Unaudited)

       Shares                                                      Value
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMON STOCKS (88.33%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 BUSINESS SERVICES (13.85%)
      130,000    Accenture Ltd., Cl A*                          $  3,471,000
       40,000    CheckFree Corp.*                                    613,200
       35,000    ChoicePoint, Inc.*                                2,016,000
       79,000    Dice, Inc.*                                         197,500
      100,000    FreeMarkets, Inc.*                                2,297,000
       80,000    TMP Worldwide, Inc.*                              2,757,600
       60,000    VeriSign, Inc.*                                   1,620,000
                                                                ------------
                                                                  12,972,300
                 CABLE (3.94%)
       50,000    Comcast Corp., Cl A*                              1,590,000
      150,000    Mediacom Comm. Corp.*                             2,101,500
                                                                ------------
                                                                   3,691,500
                 COMMUNICATIONS (2.43%)
       50,000    Nokia Corp., ADR                                  1,037,000
       15,000    Research in Motion Ltd.*                            416,550
      250,000    SBA Comm. Corp., Cl A*                              822,500
                                                                ------------
                                                                   2,276,050
                 CONSUMER SERVICES (19.89%)
       85,000    1-800-FLOWERS.COM*                                1,157,700
      100,000    AOL Time Warner, Inc. *                           2,365,000
      159,000    CNET Networks, Inc.*                                871,320
       50,000    CoStar Group, Inc.*                               1,138,000
       70,000    Expedia, Inc., Cl A*                              4,888,800
      165,000    Overture Services, Inc.*                          4,606,800
      275,000    priceline.com, Inc.*                              1,438,250
      135,000    Sotheby's Hldgs., Inc., Cl A                      2,166,750
                                                                ------------
                                                                  18,632,620
                 EDUCATION (6.15%)
       50,000    SkillSoft Corp.*                                  1,152,500
      160,000    SmartForce PLC ADR*                               1,680,000
       70,000    University of Phoenix Online*                     2,928,800
                                                                ------------
                                                                   5,761,300
                 ENTERPRISE HARDWARE (3.81%)
       90,000    Dell Computer Corp.*                              2,349,900
       40,000    Intel Corp.                                       1,216,400
                                                                ------------
                                                                   3,566,300
                 FINANCIAL (2.51%)
      180,000    Charles Schwab Corp.                              2,356,200
                 HOTELS AND LODGING (7.23%)
      115,000    Hotel Reservations Network, Inc., Cl A*           6,776,950
                 MANUFACTURING (4.66%)
       50,000    Celestica, Inc.*                                  1,813,000
      140,000    Flextronics Intl., Ltd.*                          2,555,000
                                                                ------------
                                                                   4,368,000
                 MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT (11.15%)
       20,000    Electronic Arts, Inc.*                            1,216,000
       50,000    Gemstar TV Guide Int'l., Inc.*                      739,500
       75,000    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.*                        1,246,500
      175,000    Ticketmaster*                                     5,176,500
       65,000    USA Networks, Inc.*                               2,065,050
                                                                ------------
                                                                  10,443,550
                 PRINTING AND PUBLISHING (2.88%)
       90,000    Getty Images, Inc.*                               2,696,400


       Shares                                                      Value
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 RETAIL TRADE AND RESTAURANTS (4.43%)
       90,000    Amazon.com, Inc.*                              $  1,287,000
      350,000    drugstore.com, Inc.*                                875,000
       29,000    eBay, Inc.*                                       1,642,560
       20,000    Global Sports, Inc.*                                342,000
                                                                ------------
                                                                   4,146,560
                 SOFTWARE (5.40%)
       29,000    BEA Systems, Inc.*                                  397,590
       30,000    Bottomline Technologies (de), Inc.*                 253,500
       40,000    Check Point Software Tech., Ltd.*                 1,216,000
       40,000    Intuit, Inc.*                                     1,534,400
       30,000    Precise Software Solutions, Ltd.*                   698,700
       15,000    Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.*                301,500
       15,000    Veritas Software Corp.*                             657,450
                                                                ------------
                                                                   5,059,140
                                                                ------------
TOTAL COMMON STOCKS
 (Cost $72,849,462)                                               82,746,870
                                                                ------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCKS (0.85%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT
        1,193    XM Satellite Radio Hldgs., Inc.
                  8.25% Series C Conv. Pfd
                  due 2012 @ (Cost $1,354,850)                       793,107
                                                                ------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WARRANTS (0.68%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 CONSUMER SERVICES
       18,000    Expedia, Inc.
                  Warrants Exp 09/29/2005* (Cost $321,373)           641,124
                                                                ------------

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CORPORATE BONDS (0.32%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 COMMUNICATIONS
$     500,000    SBA Communications, Corp. Conv. Sub.
                  Deb. due 03/01/2008 (Cost $342,500)                300,000
                                                                ------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SHORT TERM MONEY MARKET INSTRUMENTS (9.96%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    9,326,999    Exxon Asset Management Co.
                  1.45% due 04/01/2002 (Cost $9,326,999)           9,326,999
                                                                ------------
TOTAL INVESTMENTS (100.14%)
 (COST $84,195,184**)                                             93,808,100
LIABILITIES LESS
 CASH AND OTHER ASSETS (-0.14%)                                    (132,071)
                                                                ------------
NET ASSETS (EQUIVALENT TO $5.49 PER
 SHARE BASED ON 17,059,289 SHARES
 OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST OUTSTANDING)                            $ 93,676,029
                                                                ============

---------------
%   Represents percentage of net assets
@   Restricted security
*   Non-income producing securities
**  For Federal income tax purposes the cost basis is $89,442,381. Aggregate
    unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments are $20,492,461 and
    $16,126,742, respectively.


                       See Notes to Financial Statements.

                                       32
<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MARCH 31, 2002 (Unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Baron Asset     Baron Growth    Baron Small Cap   Baron iOpportunity
                                                                  Fund             Fund             Fund                Fund

<S>                                                          <C>               <C>             <C>               <C>
ASSETS:
 Investments in securities, at value
   Unaffiliated issuers
   (Cost $703,412,445, $742,368,109, $507,557,112 and
      $84,195,184, respectively)                             $1,371,346,164    $966,216,790     $737,992,209        $  93,808,100
   "Affiliated" issuers (Cost $1,280,334,572, $0,
      $36,491,909 and $0, respectively)                       1,772,110,023               0       57,122,500                    0
 Cash                                                                64,681         112,324          187,721              250,200
 Dividends and interest receivable                                  184,979          37,081          363,516                9,929
 Receivable for securities sold                                   6,693,511         966,016        9,954,308                    0
 Receivable for shares sold                                       2,852,559       9,571,493        4,096,539               45,822
 Unamortized organization costs                                           0               0            2,847                    0
 Prepaid expenses                                                    46,799               0                0                    0
                                                             --------------    ------------     ------------        -------------
                                                              3,153,298,716     976,903,704      809,719,640           94,114,051
                                                             --------------    ------------     ------------        -------------
LIABILITIES:
 Payable for securities purchased                                         0      28,333,230        8,854,635              384,263
 Payable for shares redeemed                                     13,006,268         194,752          222,082               52,016
 Accrued organization costs                                               0               0            2,847                    0
 Professional fees payable                                        1,026,952           8,249                0                    0
 Accrued expenses and other payables                                369,536         121,781          142,250                1,743
                                                             --------------    ------------     ------------        -------------
                                                                 14,402,756      28,658,012        9,221,814              438,022
                                                             --------------    ------------     ------------        -------------
NET ASSETS                                                   $3,138,895,960    $948,245,692     $800,497,826        $  93,676,029
                                                             ==============    ============     ============        =============
NET ASSETS CONSIST OF:
 Capital paid-in                                              2,012,018,874     729,463,785      513,143,199          189,852,828
 Accumulated net investment loss                                (17,189,268)     (3,451,724)      (3,052,084)            (527,148)
 Accumulated net realized gain (loss)                           (15,642,816)     (1,615,050)      39,341,023         (105,262,567)
 Net unrealized appreciation on investments                   1,159,709,170     223,848,681      251,065,688            9,612,916
                                                             --------------    ------------     ------------        -------------
NET ASSETS                                                   $3,138,895,960    $948,245,692     $800,497,826        $  93,676,029
                                                             ==============    ============     ============        =============
SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST OUTSTANDING
 ($.01 par value; indefinite shares authorized)                  66,593,538      29,576,612       48,269,040           17,059,289
                                                             ==============    ============     ============        =============
NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE                                    $        47.14    $      32.06     $      16.58        $        5.49
                                                             ==============    ============     ============        =============
</TABLE>

                       See Notes to Financial Statements.

                                       33
<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For the six months ended March 31, 2002 (Unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Baron Asset    Baron Growth    Baron Small Cap   Baron iOpportunity
                                                                   Fund            Fund             Fund                Fund

<S>                                                            <C>             <C>             <C>               <C>
INVESTMENT INCOME:
 INCOME:
   Interest                                                    $    144,393    $    934,850     $  1,081,479         $    86,950
   Dividends -- unaffiliated issuers                              1,457,439         320,629          462,819              79,429
   Dividends -- "affiliated" issuers                              1,197,281               0                0                   0
                                                               ------------    ------------     ------------         -----------
   Total income                                                   2,799,113       1,255,479        1,544,298             166,379
                                                               ------------    ------------     ------------         -----------
 EXPENSES:
   Investment advisory fees                                      14,664,738       3,483,741        3,370,116             462,351
   Distribution fees                                              3,666,187         870,936          842,530             115,588
   Shareholder servicing agent fees                                 501,900         153,150          126,720              74,392
   Reports to shareholders                                          700,500         124,250          172,500              59,133
   Professional fees                                                183,419          24,040           31,220              17,277
   Registration and filing fees                                      40,900          19,260           17,750              10,695
   Custodian fees                                                    43,320          16,420           16,320               6,494
   Trustee fees                                                      29,985           7,096            6,886                 987
   Amortization of organization costs                                     0               0            2,845                   0
   Miscellaneous                                                     53,094           8,310            9,495               1,431
                                                               ------------    ------------     ------------         -----------
   Total operating expenses                                      19,884,043       4,707,203        4,596,382             748,348
   Interest expense                                                 104,338               0                0                   0
                                                               ------------    ------------     ------------         -----------
   Total expenses                                                19,988,381       4,707,203        4,596,382             748,348
   Less: Expense reimbursement by investment adviser                      0               0                0             (54,821)
                                                               ------------    ------------     ------------         -----------
   Net expenses                                                  19,988,381       4,707,203        4,596,382             693,527
                                                               ------------    ------------     ------------         -----------
   Net investment loss                                          (17,189,268)     (3,451,724)      (3,052,084)           (527,148)
                                                               ------------    ------------     ------------         -----------
REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS:
 Net realized gain (loss) on investments sold in
   unaffiliated issuers                                         (47,487,045)        189,860       31,926,953          (9,733,897)
 Net realized gain on investments sold in "affiliated"
   issuers                                                       32,465,479               0       11,564,402                   0
 Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
   of investments                                               773,331,063     151,305,357      140,425,136          35,371,570
                                                               ------------    ------------     ------------         -----------
 Net gain on investments                                        758,309,497     151,495,217      183,916,491          25,637,673
                                                               ------------    ------------     ------------         -----------
 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations          $741,120,229    $148,043,493     $180,864,407         $25,110,525
                                                               ============    ============     ============         ===========
</TABLE>


                       See Notes to Financial Statements.

                                       34
<PAGE>

BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS (Unaudited)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Baron Asset Fund                      Baron Growth Fund

                                                    SIX MONTHS           FOR THE           SIX MONTHS            FOR THE
                                                       ENDED            YEAR ENDED           ENDED             YEAR ENDED
                                                     MARCH 31,         SEPTEMBER 30,        MARCH 31,         SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                       2002                2001               2002                2001
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
<S>                                              <C>                 <C>                 <C>                 <C>
INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS:

OPERATIONS:

 Net investment loss                             $   (17,189,268)    $   (43,595,929)    $    (3,451,724)    $    (4,070,446)

 Net realized gain (loss) on investments
   sold                                              (15,021,566)        311,387,202             189,860          43,033,118

 Net change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) on investments                     773,331,063      (1,614,644,820)        151,305,357         (78,264,979)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
 Increase (decrease) in net assets
   resulting from operations                         741,120,229      (1,346,853,547)        148,043,493         (39,302,307)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
DIVIDENDS TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM:

 Net investment income                                         0                   0                   0                   0

 Net realized gain on investments                   (264,562,964)       (351,046,786)        (32,497,044)        (51,178,835)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
                                                    (264,562,964)       (351,046,786)        (32,497,044)        (51,178,835)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
CAPITAL SHARE TRANSACTIONS:

 Proceeds from the sale of shares                    248,430,315         571,556,532         402,113,590         231,960,050

 Net asset value of shares issued in
   reinvestment of dividends                         258,527,926         341,354,289          31,622,600          50,293,352

 Cost of shares redeemed                            (536,878,572)     (1,440,201,268)       (113,336,225)       (212,920,128)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
 Increase (decrease) in net assets
   derived from capital share transactions           (29,920,331)       (527,290,447)        320,399,965          69,333,274

 Redemption fees                                               0                   0                   0                   0
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets               446,636,934      (2,225,190,780)        435,946,414         (21,147,868)

NET ASSETS:

 Beginning of period                               2,692,259,026       4,917,449,806         512,299,278         533,447,146
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
 End of period                                   $ 3,138,895,960     $ 2,692,259,026     $   948,245,692     $   512,299,278
                                                 ===============     ===============     ===============     ===============
ACCUMULATED NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS)
  AT END OF PERIOD                               $   (17,189,268)    $             0     $    (3,451,724)    $             0
                                                 ===============     ===============     ===============     ===============
SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST:

 Shares sold                                           5,734,622          11,052,059          13,457,479           7,785,983

 Shares issued in reinvestment of
   dividends                                           6,328,702           6,241,632           1,133,834           1,813,635

 Shares redeemed                                     (12,414,744)        (27,972,217)         (3,862,255)         (7,286,928)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE)                                (351,420)        (10,678,526)         10,729,058           2,312,690
                                                 ===============     ===============     ===============     ===============

<CAPTION>
                                                          Baron Small Cap Fund                Baron iOpportunity Fund

                                                    SIX MONTHS           FOR THE           SIX MONTHS           FOR THE
                                                      ENDED            YEAR ENDED            ENDED             YEAR ENDED
                                                     MARCH 31,        SEPTEMBER 30,         MARCH 31,         SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                      2002                 2001               2002                2001
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
<S>                                              <C>                 <C>                 <C>                 <C>
INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS:

OPERATIONS:

 Net investment loss                             $    (3,052,084)    $    (4,880,739)    $      (527,148)    $      (887,784)

 Net realized gain (loss) on investments
   sold                                               43,491,355          (1,015,726)         (9,733,897)        (84,390,381)

 Net change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) on investments                     140,425,136        (144,949,679)         35,371,570          (7,011,563)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
 Increase (decrease) in net assets
   resulting from operations                         180,864,407        (150,846,144)         25,110,525         (92,289,728)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
DIVIDENDS TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM:

 Net investment income                                         0                   0                   0            (534,161)

 Net realized gain on investments                              0         (20,069,059)                  0                   0
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
                                                               0         (20,069,059)                  0            (534,161)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
CAPITAL SHARE TRANSACTIONS:

 Proceeds from the sale of shares                    159,699,844         164,245,739           5,025,894          20,079,698

 Net asset value of shares issued in
   reinvestment of dividends                                   0          19,752,251                   0             525,510

 Cost of shares redeemed                            (125,946,988)       (306,732,103)        (10,131,303)        (42,342,678)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
 Increase (decrease) in net assets
   derived from capital share transactions            33,752,856        (122,734,113)         (5,105,409)        (21,737,470)

 Redemption fees                                               0                   0               4,400              61,243
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets               214,617,263        (293,649,316)         20,009,516        (114,500,116)

NET ASSETS:

 Beginning of period                                 585,880,563         879,529,879          73,666,513         188,166,629
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
 End of period                                   $   800,497,826     $   585,880,563     $    93,676,029     $    73,666,513
                                                 ===============     ===============     ===============     ===============
ACCUMULATED NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS)
  AT END OF PERIOD                               $    (3,052,084)    $             0     $      (527,148)    $             0
                                                 ===============     ===============     ===============     ===============
SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST:

 Shares sold                                          10,671,245          11,345,273             925,048           3,261,003

 Shares issued in reinvestment of
   dividends                                                   0           1,385,151                   0              72,988

 Shares redeemed                                      (8,575,361)        (21,364,383)         (1,893,891)         (6,780,089)
                                                 ---------------     ---------------     ---------------     ---------------
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE)                               2,095,884          (8,633,959)           (968,843)         (3,446,098)
                                                 ===============     ===============     ===============     ===============
</TABLE>


                       See Notes to Financial Statements.

                                       35
<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) ORGANIZATION.

Baron Asset Fund (the "Trust") is registered under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), as a diversified, open-end management
investment company established as a Massachusetts business trust on February 19,
1987. The Trust currently offers four series (individually a "Fund" and
collectively the "Funds"): Baron Asset Fund, started in June of 1987, Baron
Growth Fund, started in January of 1995, Baron Small Cap Fund, started in
October of 1997, and Baron iOpportunity Fund, started in February of 2000.

The investment objectives of the Funds are as follows:

Baron Asset Fund seeks capital appreciation through investments in securities of
small and medium sized companies with undervalued assets or favorable growth
prospects.

Baron Growth Fund seeks capital appreciation through investments in securities
of smaller companies.

Baron Small Cap Fund seeks capital appreciation through investments primarily in
securities of small companies.

Baron iOpportunity Fund seeks capital appreciation through investments that have
internet-related growth opportunities.

(2) SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES.

The following is a summary of significant accounting policies followed by the
Funds. The policies are in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.

(a) SECURITY VALUATION. Portfolio securities traded on any national stock
exchange or quoted on the NASDAQ National Market System are valued based on the
last sale price or, where market quotations are not readily available, based on
fair value as determined by the Adviser, using procedures established by the
Board of Trustees. Money market instruments held by the Funds with a remaining
maturity of sixty days or less are valued at amortized cost, which approximates
value.

(b) SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS, INVESTMENT INCOME AND EXPENSE ALLOCATION.
Securities transactions are recorded on a trade date basis. Realized gain and
loss from securities transactions are recorded on an identified cost basis for
financial reporting and federal income tax purposes. Dividend income is
recognized on the ex-dividend date and interest income is recognized on an
accrual basis. Common expenses of the Funds are allocated on a basis deemed fair
and equitable by the Trustees, usually on the basis of average net assets.
Direct expenses are charged to each Fund on a specific identification basis.

(c) FEDERAL INCOME TAXES. Each Fund of the Trust is treated as a separate entity
for federal income tax purposes. It is the policy of each Fund to continue to
qualify as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Internal
Revenue Code and to distribute all of its taxable income, including net realized
capital gains, if any, to its shareholders. No federal income tax provision is
therefore required.

(d) RESTRICTED SECURITIES. The Funds invest in securities which are restricted
as to public sale in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933. Such assets are
valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board of Trustees.

(e) ORGANIZATION COSTS. Costs incurred in connection with the organization and
initial registration of Baron Small Cap Fund have been deferred and are being
amortized on a straight-line basis over a five-year period. Baron Capital, Inc.
("BCI"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Baron Capital Group, Inc. ("BCG"), agreed
to make advances for organization expenses incurred and will be reimbursed as
the costs are amortized.

(f) DISTRIBUTIONS. Income distributions and capital gain distributions are
determined in accordance with income tax regulations which may differ from
generally accepted accounting principles. These differences are primarily due to
differing treatments for net operating losses and distributions from REIT's.

(g) SHORT-TERM TRADING FEE. Baron iOpportunity Fund imposes a 1% short-term
trading fee on redemptions and exchanges of shares held for less than 180 days.
The fee is retained by Baron iOpportunity for the benefit of the remaining
shareholders to offset the administrative costs associated with processing
redemptions and exchanges, offset the portfolio transaction costs and facilitate
portfolio management. The fee is accounted for as an addition to paid in
capital.

(h) USE OF ESTIMATES. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements, and the amounts of income and expenses
during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

                                       36
<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(3) PURCHASES AND SALES OF SECURITIES.

Purchases and sales of securities, other than short term securities, for the six
months ended March 31, 2002 were as follows:


FUND                                                  PURCHASES         SALES
----                                                  ---------         -----
Baron Asset Fund                                     $ 86,241,287   $406,650,366
Baron Growth Fund                                    $268,811,939   $ 48,707,219
Baron Small Cap Fund                                 $255,749,047   $193,629,484
Baron iOpportunity Fund                              $ 39,390,081   $ 43,100,449


(4) INVESTMENT ADVISORY FEES AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES.

(a) INVESTMENT ADVISORY FEES. BAMCO, Inc. (the "Adviser"), a wholly owned
subsidiary of BCG, serves as investment adviser to the Funds. As compensation
for services rendered, the Adviser receives a fee payable monthly from the
assets of the Funds equal to 1% per annum of each Fund's average daily net asset
value. For Baron iOpportunity Fund, the Adviser has contractually agreed to
reduce its fee to the extent required to limit the operating expense to 1.50% of
average net assets.

(b) DISTRIBUTION FEES. BCI is a registered broker dealer and the distributor of
the shares of the Funds pursuant to a distribution plan under Rule 12b-1 of the
1940 Act. The distribution plan authorizes the Funds to pay BCI a distribution
fee equal on an annual basis to 0.25% of the Funds' average daily net assets.

Brokerage transactions for the Funds may be effected by or through BCI. During
the six months ended March 31, 2002, BCI earned gross brokerage commissions as
follows:

                                                                  GROSS
FUND                                                           COMMISSIONS
----                                                           -----------
Baron Asset Fund                                                $910,611
Baron Growth Fund                                               $319,427
Baron Small Cap Fund                                            $394,859
Baron iOpportunity Fund                                         $130,561

(c) TRUSTEE FEES. Certain Trustees of the Trust may be deemed to be affiliated
with or interested persons (as defined by the 1940 Act) of the Funds' Adviser or
of BCI. None of the Trustees so affiliated received compensation for his or her
services as a Trustee of the Trust. None of the Funds' officers received
compensation from the Funds.

(5) CAPITAL LOSS CARRYFORWARD. At September 30, 2001, Baron iOpportunity Fund
had capital loss carryforwards expiring in 2009 of $23,974,628, which can be
used to offset future capital gains.

(6) LINE OF CREDIT. The Funds have entered into a line of credit agreement with
the custodian bank to be used for temporary purposes, primarily for financing
redemptions. The agreement provides that Baron Asset Fund may borrow up to 5% of
the value of its net assets. Baron Growth Fund, Baron Small Cap Fund and Baron
iOpportunity Fund may borrow up to 15% of each Fund's respective net assets. The
aggregate outstanding principal amount of all loans to any of the Funds may not
exceed $100,000,000. Interest is charged to each Fund, based on its borrowings,
at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate plus a margin of 1.00% to
2.00% depending on the duration of the loan. A commitment fee of 0.10% per annum
is incurred on the unused portion of the line of credit and is allocated to the
participating Funds.

During the six months ended March 31, 2002, Baron Asset Fund had an average
daily balance on the line of credit of $6,792,349 at a weighted average interest
rate of 3.07%. At March 31, 2002, there were no loans outstanding under the line
of credit.


                                       37
<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(7) RESTRICTED SECURITIES.

A summary of the restricted securities held at March 31, 2002 follows:


BARON ASSET FUND                                       ACQUISITION
NAME OF ISSUER                                            DATE          VALUE
--------------                                            ----          -----
COMMON STOCK
 Valvino Lamore, LLC                                    04/17/01     $20,800,000
CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
 Apollo International, Inc.                             07/21/99       1,500,012
 Somerford Corp. S-A Conv. Pfd.                         12/03/98       9,000,051
 XM Satellite Radio Hldgs., Inc. 8.25% Series C
  Conv. Pfd due 2012                                    07/07/00      12,287,498
CORPORATE BONDS
 Somerford Corp. 8.50% Sub. Conv. Deb Due 04/23/
  2006                                                  04/23/01       3,000,000
WARRANTS
 Corrections Corporation of America Warrants Exp
09/2005                                                 09/29/00       1,842,553
                                                                     -----------
TOTAL RESTRICTED SECURITIES: (Cost $55,290,539)
  (1.54% of Net Assets)                                              $48,430,114
                                                                     ===========


BARON GROWTH FUND                                      ACQUISITION
NAME OF ISSUER                                            DATE          VALUE
--------------                                            ----          -----
COMMON STOCK
 Bingham Financial Services Corp.
 (Cost $1,399,995) (0.01% of Net Assets)                04/27/99     $    63,840
                                                                     ===========


BARON SMALL CAP FUND                                   ACQUISITION
NAME OF ISSUER                                            DATE          VALUE
--------------                                            ----          -----
COMMON STOCK
 Restoration Hardware, Inc.
 (Cost $2,730,000) (1.04% of Net Assets)                08/10/01     $ 8,312,500
                                                                     ===========


BARON iOPPORTUNITY FUND                                ACQUISITION
NAME OF ISSUER                                            DATE          VALUE
--------------                                            ----          -----
CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
 XM Satellite Radio Hldgs., Inc. 8.25% Series C
   Conv. Pfd due 2012
 (Cost $1,354,850) (0.85% of Net Assets)                07/07/00     $   793,107
                                                                     ===========


                                       38
<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(8) INVESTMENT IN "AFFILIATES"*

BARON ASSET FUND

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       BALANCE OF          GROSS       GROSS SALES      BALANCE OF                                DIVIDEND
                     SHARES HELD ON      PURCHASES         AND        SHARES HELD ON        VALUE                  INCOME
  NAME OF ISSUER      SEP. 30, 2001    AND ADDITIONS    REDUCTIONS     MAR. 31, 2002    MAR. 31, 2002    OCT. 1, 2001-MAR. 31, 2002
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>               <C>             <C>            <C>               <C>              <C>
Alexander's, Inc.         350,900                             900          350,000      $   21,157,500
Choice Hotels
  Intl., Inc.           7,000,000                       1,500,000        5,500,000         132,715,000
ChoicePoint, Inc.       5,100,000                         100,000        5,000,000         288,000,000
DeVry, Inc.             4,830,000                         530,000        4,300,000         129,559,000
DVI, Inc.               1,378,600                                        1,378,600          25,366,240
Education
  Management Corp.      2,000,000                         100,000        1,900,000          80,123,000
Ethan Allen
  Interiors, Inc.       2,040,000                         290,000        1,750,000                    **         $  152,000
Libbey, Inc.            2,740,000                          65,000        2,675,000         103,041,000              408,000
OM Group, Inc.          2,360,300                          10,300        2,350,000         169,905,000              637,281
Robert Half
  Intl., Inc.           9,550,000                       2,475,000        7,075,000                    **
Saga Comm., Inc.,
  Cl A                  3,664,752                           4,753        3,659,999          92,231,975
Seacor Smit, Inc.       1,575,000                                        1,575,000          77,175,000
Smart and Final,
  Inc.                  2,560,000                                        2,560,000          26,470,400
Sotheby's Hldgs.,
  Inc. Cl A            19,700,000                         400,000       19,300,000         309,765,000
Southern Union
  Co.                   3,045,000                         163,100        2,881,900          52,796,408
Sun Intl. Hotels,
  Ltd.                  2,403,500                           3,500        2,400,000          65,304,000
Vail Resorts,
  Inc. Cl A            10,045,600                         695,600        9,350,000         198,500,500
                                                                                        --------------           ----------
                                                                                        $1,772,110,023           $1,197,281
                                                                                        ==============           ==========
</TABLE>

*   "Affiliated" issuers, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, are
    issuers in which Baron Asset Fund held 5% or more of the outstanding voting
    securities as of March 31, 2002.

**  As of March 31, 2002, no longer an affiliate.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BARON SMALL CAP FUND

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        BALANCE OF          GROSS       GROSS SALES      BALANCE OF                               DIVIDEND
                      SHARES HELD ON      PURCHASES         AND        SHARES HELD ON        VALUE                 INCOME
  NAME OF ISSUER       SEP. 30, 2001    AND ADDITIONS    REDUCTIONS     MAR. 31, 2002    MAR. 31, 2002   OCT. 1, 2001-MAR. 31, 2002
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>               <C>             <C>            <C>               <C>             <C>
Career Education
  Corp.@                 1,100,000        1,100,000       700,000         1,500,000                  **
Equity Marketing,
  Inc.                     500,000                                          500,000       $ 6,150,000
Restoration
  Hardware, Inc.         1,250,000          700,000       250,000         1,700,000        20,812,500
United Surgical
  Partners Intl.,
  Inc.                   1,000,900          299,100                       1,300,000        30,160,000
                                                                                          -----------              ------
                                                                                          $57,122,500                $0
                                                                                          ===========              ======
</TABLE>

*   "Affiliated" issuers, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, are
    issuers in which Baron Small Cap Fund held 5% or more of the outstanding
    voting securities as of March 31, 2002.
**  As of March 31, 2002, no longer an affiliate.
@   Received 1,100,000 shares from 2:1 stock split.


                                       39
<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(9) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

BARON ASSET FUND

Selected data for a share of beneficial interest outstanding throughout each
period:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               SIX MONTHS                           YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                  ENDED        -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                             MARCH 31, 2002      2001       2000        1999       1998        1997       1996
                                             --------------    --------   --------    --------   --------    --------   --------
<S>                                          <C>               <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD            $  40.22       $  63.35   $  51.57    $  39.96   $  47.43    $  35.50   $  29.30
                                                --------       --------   --------    --------   --------    --------   --------
INCOME FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS
Net investment income (loss)                       (0.26)         (0.65)     (0.76)      (0.30)      0.05       (0.14)     (0.06)
Net realized and unrealized gains
(losses) on investments                            11.25         (17.87)     12.53       11.94      (7.52)      12.11       6.29
                                                --------       --------   --------    --------   --------    --------   --------
   TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS                10.99         (18.52)     11.77       11.64      (7.47)      11.97       6.23
                                                --------       --------   --------    --------   --------    --------   --------
LESS DISTRIBUTIONS
Dividends from net investment income                0.00           0.00       0.00       (0.04)      0.00        0.00       0.00
Distributions from net realized gains              (4.07)         (4.61)      0.00        0.00       0.00       (0.04)     (0.03)
                                                --------       --------   --------    --------   --------    --------   --------
   TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                             (4.07)         (4.61)      0.00       (0.04)      0.00       (0.04)     (0.03)
                                                --------       --------   --------    --------   --------    --------   --------
Capital contribution                                0.00           0.00       0.01        0.01       0.00        0.00       0.00
                                                --------       --------   --------    --------   --------    --------   --------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                  $  47.14       $  40.22   $  63.35    $  51.57   $  39.96    $  47.43   $  35.50
                                                ========       ========   ========    ========   ========    ========   ========
   TOTAL RETURN                                     28.9%         (31.2%)     22.8%#      29.2%*    (15.7%)      33.8%      21.3%
                                                --------       --------   --------    --------   --------    --------   --------
RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
Net assets (in millions), end of period         $3,138.9       $2,692.3   $4,917.4    $5,863.1   $4,410.5    $3,224.5   $1,166.1
Ratio of total expenses to average net
assets                                              1.36%**        1.37%      1.36%       1.31%      1.32%       1.35%      1.40%
Less: Ratio of interest expense to
average net assets                                 (0.01%)**      (0.01%)    (0.03%)      0.00%      0.00%       0.00%      0.00%
                                                --------       --------   --------    --------   --------    --------   --------
Ratio of operating expenses to average
net assets                                          1.35%**        1.36%      1.33%       1.31%      1.32%       1.35%      1.40%
                                                ========       ========   ========    ========   ========    ========   ========
Ratio of net investment income (loss) to
average net assets                                 (1.17%)**      (1.14%)    (1.09%)     (0.57%)     0.11%      (0.52%)    (0.29%)
Portfolio turnover rate                             2.96%          4.33%      2.51%      15.64%     23.43%      13.23%     19.34%

<CAPTION>
                                              YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                             --------------------------
                                              1995      1994      1993
                                             ------    ------   -------
<S>                                          <C>       <C>      <C>
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD         $22.82    $21.91   $ 16.20
                                             ------    ------   -------
INCOME FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS
Net investment income (loss)                  (0.09)    (0.14)    (0.13)
Net realized and unrealized gains
(losses) on investments                        7.23      1.82      6.00
                                             ------    ------   -------
   TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS            7.14      1.68      5.87
                                             ------    ------   -------
LESS DISTRIBUTIONS
Dividends from net investment income           0.00      0.00      0.00
Distributions from net realized gains         (0.66)    (0.77)    (0.16)
                                             ------    ------   -------
   TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                        (0.66)    (0.77)    (0.16)
                                             ------    ------   -------
Capital contribution                           0.00      0.00      0.00
                                             ------    ------   -------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD               $29.30    $22.82   $ 21.91
                                             ======    ======   =======
   TOTAL RETURN                                32.3%      8.0%     36.5%
                                             ------    ------   -------
RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
Net assets (in millions), end of period      $290.0    $ 80.3   $  59.9
Ratio of total expenses to average net
assets                                         1.44%     1.59%     1.85%
Less: Ratio of interest expense to
average net assets                             0.00%     0.00%     0.00%
                                             ------    ------   -------
Ratio of operating expenses to average
net assets                                     1.44%     1.59%     1.85%
                                             ======    ======   =======
Ratio of net investment income (loss) to
average net assets                            (0.55%)   (0.71%)   (0.69%)
Portfolio turnover rate                       35.15%    55.87%   107.94%
</TABLE>

#   Had the adviser not made the capital contribution, the Fund's performance
    would have been reduced by 0.02%.
*   Had the adviser not made the capital contribution, the Fund's performance
    would have been reduced by 0.03%.
**  Annualized


                                       40
<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(9) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (continued)

BARON GROWTH FUND

Selected data for a share of beneficial interest outstanding throughout each
period:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               SIX MONTHS                         YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                  ENDED        ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                             March 31, 2002     2001     2000      1999     1998      1997     1996     1995*
                                             --------------    ------   ------    ------   ------    ------   ------    ------
<S>                                          <C>               <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD             $27.18        $32.26   $29.06    $20.32   $24.89    $18.40   $14.77    $10.00
                                                 ------        ------   ------    ------   ------    ------   ------    ------
INCOME FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS
Net investment income (loss)                      (0.12)        (0.22)   (0.26)    (0.04)    0.06      0.06     0.11      0.04
Net realized and unrealized gains
(losses) on investments                            6.64         (1.67)    5.34      8.82    (4.56)     6.68     3.66      4.73
                                                 ------        ------   ------    ------   ------    ------   ------    ------
   TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS                6.52         (1.89)    5.08      8.78    (4.50)     6.74     3.77      4.77
                                                 ------        ------   ------    ------   ------    ------   ------    ------
LESS DISTRIBUTIONS
Dividends from net investment income               0.00          0.00     0.00     (0.04)   (0.02)    (0.09)   (0.04)     0.00
Distributions from net realized gains             (1.64)        (3.19)   (1.88)     0.00    (0.05)    (0.16)   (0.10)     0.00
                                                 ------        ------   ------    ------   ------    ------   ------    ------
   TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                            (1.64)        (3.19)   (1.88)    (0.04)   (0.07)    (0.25)   (0.14)     0.00
                                                 ------        ------   ------    ------   ------    ------   ------    ------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                   $32.06        $27.18   $32.26    $29.06   $20.32    $24.89   $18.40    $14.77
                                                 ======        ======   ======    ======   ======    ======   ======    ======
   TOTAL RETURN                                    24.9%         (6.1%)   18.6%     43.2%   (18.1%)    37.1%    25.8%     47.7%
                                                 ------        ------   ------    ------   ------    ------   ------    ------
RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
Net assets (in millions), end of period          $948.2        $512.3   $533.4    $439.4   $315.6    $390.8   $207.2    $ 28.6
Ratio of total expenses to average net
assets                                             1.34%**       1.36%    1.36%     1.40%    1.43%     1.40%    1.54%     1.99%**
Less: Ratio of interest expense to
average net assets                                 0.00%**       0.00%    0.00%    (0.03%)  (0.06%)    0.00%    0.00%    0.00%
                                                 ------        ------   ------    ------   ------    ------   ------    ------
Ratio of operating expenses to average
net assets                                         1.34%**       1.36%    1.36%     1.37%    1.37%     1.40%    1.54%     1.99%**
                                                 ======        ======   ======    ======   ======    ======   ======    ======
Ratio of net investment income (loss) to
average net assets                                (0.98%)**     (0.79%)  (0.78%)   (0.20%)   0.21%     0.37%    1.20%     1.13%**
Portfolio turnover rate                            8.24%        34.94%   39.00%    53.36%   40.38%    25.17%   40.27%    40.56%
</TABLE>

*   For the period January 3,1995 (Commencement of Operations) to September 30,
    1995.
**  Annualized.
    The Fund's custodian's offset of custody fees amounted to less than $0.01
    per share in 1996 and 1995.
    The expense offset amounts are included in expense data above.


                                       41
<PAGE>
BARON FUNDS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(9) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (CONTINUED)

BARON SMALL CAP FUND

Selected data for a share of beneficial interest outstanding throughout each
period:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                SIX MONTHS           YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                                                  ENDED         -----------------------------------
                                                                              MARCH 31, 2002    2001      2000      1999      1998
                                                                              --------------   ------    ------    ------   -------
<S>                                                                           <C>              <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                              $12.69       $16.05    $13.37    $ 8.61   $ 10.00
                                                                                  ------       ------    ------    ------   -------
INCOME FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS
Net investment loss                                                                (0.06)       (0.11)    (0.16)    (0.10)   (0.02)
Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments                           3.95        (2.87)     2.84      4.86     (1.37)
                                                                                  ------       ------    ------    ------   -------
   TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS                                                 3.89        (2.98)     2.68      4.76     (1.39)
                                                                                  ------       ------    ------    ------   -------
LESS DISTRIBUTIONS
Dividends from net investment income                                                0.00         0.00      0.00      0.00      0.00
Distributions from net realized gains                                               0.00        (0.38)     0.00      0.00      0.00
                                                                                  ------       ------    ------    ------   -------
   TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                                                              0.00        (0.38)     0.00      0.00      0.00
                                                                                  ------       ------    ------    ------   -------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                                                    $16.58       $12.69    $16.05    $13.37   $  8.61
                                                                                  ======       ======    ======    ======   =======
   TOTAL RETURN                                                                     30.7%       (18.8%)    20.0%     55.3%    (13.9%
                                                                                  ------       ------    ------    ------   -------
RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
Net assets (in millions), end of period                                           $800.5       $585.9    $879.5    $715.7   $ 403.7
Ratio of expenses to average net assets                                             1.36%**      1.35%     1.33%     1.34%     1.39%
Ratio of net investment loss to average net assets                                 (0.90%)**    (0.68%)   (0.90%)   (0.99%)   (0.20%
Portfolio turnover rate                                                            31.46%       55.77%    53.18%    42.69%    59.68%
</TABLE>

**  Annualized


BARON iOPPORTUNITY FUND

Selected data for a share of beneficial interest outstanding throughout each
period:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                              FOR THE PERIOD
                                                                  SIX MONTHS         FOR THE YEAR            FEBRUARY 29, 2000
                                                                     ENDED              ENDED          (COMMENCEMENT OF OPERATIONS)
                                                                MARCH 31, 2002    SEPTEMBER 30, 2001        SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
                                                                --------------    ------------------   ----------------------------
<S>                                                             <C>               <C>                  <C>
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                $ 4.09             $  8.76                    $10.00
                                                                    ------             -------                    ------
INCOME FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS
Net investment income (loss)                                         (0.03)              (0.05)                     0.03
Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments             1.43               (4.59)                    (1.28)
                                                                    ------             -------                    ------
   TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS                                   1.40               (4.64)                    (1.25)
                                                                    ------             -------                    ------
LESS DISTRIBUTIONS
Dividends from net investment income                                  0.00               (0.03)                     0.00
Distributions from net realized gains                                 0.00                0.00                      0.00
                                                                    ------             -------                    ------
   TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                                                0.00               (0.03)                     0.00
REDEMPTION FEES ADDED TO PAID IN CAPITAL                              0.00*               0.00*                     0.01
                                                                    ------             -------                    ------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                                      $ 5.49             $  4.09                    $ 8.76
                                                                    ======             =======                    ======
   TOTAL RETURN @                                                     34.2%              (53.1%)                   (12.4%)
RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
Net assets (in millions), end of period                             $ 93.7             $  73.7                    $188.2
Ratio of total expenses to average net assets                         1.62%**             1.55%                     1.53%**
Less: Expense reimbursement by investment adviser                    (0.12%)**           (0.05%)                   (0.03%)**
                                                                    ------             -------                    ------
Ratio of net expenses to average net assets                           1.50%**             1.50%                     1.50%**
                                                                    ======             =======                    ======
Ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets          (1.14%)**           (0.75%)                    0.46%**
Portfolio turnover rate                                              49.42%             123.30%                    31.47%
</TABLE>


*   Less than $0.01 per share.
**  Annualized.
@   The total returns would have been lower had certain expenses not been
    reduced during the periods shown.


                                       42

<PAGE>





[REGISTERED LOGO]

B  A  R  O  N
F U N D S

767 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY 10153

















                                                                  2QR02

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
